Uh, lets- What do you need exactly?
Well I filled out all the forms and I've given them to everyone and they keep sending me to someone else.
You need a new license, is that what you're telling me?
Yes. I'm just trying to get a new license.
Let me see the form. Just let me see the form. Yeah. You filled this out wrong. I can't - I can't - I can't do anything with this. F :Here you go.
Okay. I did-
Ma'am I cannot help you. You need to fill out a new form and you need to get in the back of the line.
I did exactly what they told me to do.
I have done everything everyone in this entire place has told me to do. I've been here for over an hour. They make me wait in line. Every single time I start over again.
Ma'am I can't help you. Do you understand?
I have a life. I have things to do. I have places to go. Can you not just put this through please?
I've got a life too ma'am
and I got to - i got to work here all day long. Okay. I've got to deal with you people all day.
So what I need you to do is I need you to fill out this form correctly and go to the back of the line.
Okay, that's nice. That's nice but I have done everything you people have told me to do. I don't understand why you can't just help me get this done. It's simple, right? License. I need it. Can we just do this please?
There's nothing I can do for you. Do you understand that? Nothing.
What I need you to do is go to the back of the line,
I've been to the back of the line five times.
fill out this form and wait
You're going to have to go back again.
Okay. What is it that I did wrong on the form that I have to start all over again?
and you filled out-
Okay. Well, I can do that right here right now without going to the back of the line again. See look initialed. All done. Ready to go.
Ma'am I have other people waiting in line right now. I have other people waiting in line right now.
I have been waiting for over an hour.
This whole area of the form was not supposed to be filled out and you put the address in the wrong place
Uhh, and you spelled your own name wrong. So I need you to take that
I'm not starting over again. No I have done this five times. I am not starting over again.
and, uh, throw it away. I need you to fill out a new form.
Ma'am you're going to have- you- look. You really- you really
Look can you not just help me?
I mean look she's -she's perfectly nice. She doesn't mind waiting for a couple of minutes because I've been here all day. I have a job to get back to. I have kids to pick up from school. I can't just stay here.
like I said before right now.
This is your job is to help people like me who need to get a new license.
Ma'am you are testing my patience. Do you understand me?
You're testing my goddamn patience.
I'm testing your patience?
I work in this fucking building all day. And I'm sick of it, okay?
I don't need to be. I need to go and do other things with my time. Okay.
Please just put the form in, take the picture, let me get my license and get the hell out of here. Please.
Hi. Um- My luggage didn't come out of the conveyor thingy.
Hmm. Hmm.
So, um, what do I do?
How long ago was that?
Uh- Like, an hour and a half ago. I talked to somebody who was standing out there and they said wait. Sometimes like random butt- pieces come out late.
Uh-Hmm.
And so I waited there, but nothing came.
Um, okay. Well, you can fly- file a claim. Where were you coming from?
I was coming from um the Midwest, like Iowa.
So, within the country, though? umm
Yeah, I know I was in the country. I mean, it's not that complicated.
Yeah, well the chances of it being lost forever, you know, are slight because -- -- you were in the --
Well, I would hope so.
Well, I mean, you know that happens pretty often that sometimes baggage -- -- gets lost.
People lose --
yeah.
You know, this is actually, I mean it's -- it's a really important piece of luggage.
Okay.
I mean, it's not big or anything like that. I mean, it's not worth a lot of money or anything.
Did you have insurance on your flight?
No, you have to buy it now. It's like thirty dollar extra.
Well, no one even told me about that. Like, why would I think to buy insurance? I was- It's like a three hour flight.
well, it's something that worth
yeah, I don't know.
How can you lose my luggage like from like, in --
Chances are it's probably just you know -- taking time being um- unloaded from the airplane.
I should hope so. You know, I need that today.
Um, well, there's not much I can do. I can, you can file this report and we'll call you when it comes in.
Let me explain to you what the problem is. My grandfather's remains are in that bag. And I have to, like, distribute them today. We're suppose to, you know, throw them out to the sea today.
wow.
Wow. Well, that's really important, obviously. But, um --
Yeah. I mean, if you have a suggestion, like, it would be great to help me out here.
Uh- Actually, I don't know that that's legal. Um- it is the issue
Well, I don't care if it's legal. It's happened. It's already done.
Yeah I mean, Your bag might have been confiscated because it's --
Well, could you tell me if it's been confiscated then.
-- it's a biohazard. so- um
I mean, some information here would be great. Some help. Can you, like, type something in and find out?
Yeah. Let me just call security.
That would be great. Thank you very much.
[LAUGHTER] Okay. Hold on.
Thank you
Hey, how you doing?
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
I know- I know there's nothing I can say that will really help, but--
I know. I just -- I don't know. It's just weird because you have somebody who's, you know,
a major part of your life and then they're gone. And I don't know. That's not really -- it's never really happened to me before.
I'm sorry. It's never easy.
Yeah.
But, I'm here if there's anything you need. I mean, you just have to ask. I know --
Thanks.
--it doesn't really do anything. But--
I just -- it's just not fair.
I know. It never is.
How's, um -- how's his parents doing?
I mean, they're, you know, they're upset. It's like you know, they
feel the same way everybody else does. F: Yeah.
I mean, what do you want to do? Do you want to- do you want to talk about it? Do you-
[BREATHING] I mean, there's nothing really to talk about. He's gone and I'll never see him again.
Well I know it's not a lot of help or anything, but at least you got to know him. I mean, at least you had the time with him that you did.
Yeah.
I mean, we can be grateful for that.
Yeah, I don't know. Sometimes I wish I didn't know him. So I wouldn't--
You feel that way now because you're upset. But you don't really think that.
It'll get better. I know it doesn't help, but it will get better and you will remember all of the good things that you guys had; all of the memories that you have with him that were happy and you'll be grateful for those. M: Mmhmm.
This is just -- this is a terrible life. I just don't understand.
I mean, it's just not fair. Like, I don't know. Why people -
there should just be some sort of rule that people don't die until they're older, 'cause then, at least, it's expected.
I agree. If I knew how to make that happen, I would certainly help you.
I don't know what to do.
When's the service? Can- can we help? Is there anything, I mean--
I mean, you- you can go. I don't know. I don't know what else.
I hope it rains. Somehow that'll make me feel more comfortable.
Seems like if the whole world's sad, then it's okay for you to be.
Yeah.
I just wish there was some way to just bring him back to life magically.
I know.
Just, you know, some thing; some genie. I need to find a genie bottle.
I don't have any magic answers. But,
I mean, as- as cliche as it is, as long as people who loved him remember him, then it's not a waste, you know.
I know.
Now and always sweet.
I don't care then.
It had to happen sooner or later.
[BREATHING]
Oh. Behave exquisitely...
With perfect poise...
[LAUGHTER] I think I shall do a court curtsey.
Ah...
[LAUGHTER]
Ah...Strange...
Mmm...
Things that just ought to matter dreadfully, you know they just don't matter at all when one is happy, do they?
Darling, don't say that.
Oh, yes meaning just that.
Oh, dear god what is that all mean, dear god?
[LAUGHTER] Don't laugh at me I'm being serious.
You mustn't be so serious, darling, it just what they want.
Flippancy brings out the acid in their darn sweetness and light.
Mmhmm If I must laugh at everything, I must laugh at us too.
How long will it last, this ludicrous, overbearing love of ours?
We are figures of fun all right M: Mmhmm...
Ahh...who knows.
Shall we always want to bicker and fight?
If one of us dies... F: Hmm...
I think you're talking nonsense.
Let's pity the poor philosophers, huh? Let's enjoy the party for as long as we can, okay? Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and sit like small idiotic school children. [LAUGHTER]
Come here darling, kiss me
before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets. M: [LAUGHTER] Ahh...
See, you know I don't care what you do. You could paint yourself green and run naked to the Place Vendome. M: Ahh...
Do you remember that row we did have in Venice?
Which particular one?
Oh, Charles. That was his name Charles. He did wriggle so beautifully.
But you know it wasn't as bad as the one we had in Cannes...mmhmm...where your curling irons burnt a hole in my dressing gown.
Cannes...mmhmm...
The manager came in he found us rolling about the floor. [LAUGHTER]
I will never forget the look on his face.
Scratching and biting like panthers. [LAUGHTER] Oh...
oh...
Utterly, utterly ridiculous.
oh...[LAUGHTER]
We were very much younger then.
Very much sillier.
Oh you knew there was nothing in that.
Guess what?
What?
I got it. I got accepted to U.S.C..
Oh, for real?
Yes! I just found out today. I just got the letter.
oh,I'm so glad.
I know. I know. I'm so excited.
What are you gonna study?
oh, Theater. yeah, yeah.
Really? Are you doing the M.F.A. program?
yes.
oh-
I heard it's so tough to get into.
It's exactly what I wanted.
That's awesome.
I worked really hard, I'll say, I worked really hard. You know, I I'm not bragging or anything like that. But-
Yeah, that's awesome.
No.
Uh huh. Yes, seriously, for years.
Finally. I'm so excited. We're gonna -- well, I'll be here. We're still gonna be able to see each other.
I know. I know. I'm- I'm definitely -- I realize [LAUGHTER].
What are you, wait, what are you doing?
Um- I'm gonna be studying at U.S.C., too.
Perfect! Oh, my God. Are you staying, are you going to live on campus?
Yeah. Totally- Well where are you going to live?
We are gonna have a great time.
[garbage] I'm going to live on campus. I mean, well, around campus, anyway. Yeah, housing around campus.
Oh yeah.
Good tradeoff
I just want to be really close to things, you know. I know it's not exactly the best neighborhood in the entire world. But uh-
I don't- I don't think it's that bad.
I don't- you know ,I feel the same way, you know what I mean. And everybody says a lot of other crap you know, they don't know what they are talking about anyway.
yeah.
They don't live here. They don't know, right?
Yeah. I think it's really also if you- if you consider yourself like, us and them, kind of thing- If you think you're part of your community then --you going to like it more
yeah.
Exactly. You make it what you make it. You know? Right? And I'm gonna make it so freaking awesome.
Right, Exactly.
Oh I'm so glad.
yeah.
So when do you know, like, where you're gonna live? and-
Well, I don't know. I've got to go look for a place.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, yeah. I- I don't- I don't know. Do you have any suggestions?
Um-
You know the area better than I do.
Yeah. I mean, I know, I know, like the- the housing surrounding the campus pretty well.
Um- How many people do you want to live with?
Not a lot. I mean, I wouldn't want to live with more than three other people. So, like four of us total, right?
All dudes?
I don't care. I don't care.
Um- I think I have some friends.
yeah?
yeah.
That would be perfect.
There's actually, a friend of mine is um- moving out of her place and her place is amazing-- And it's really cheap.
Really?
Really?
yeah.
Cheap is exactly what I need- Because I have no money at all.
Okay.
But, uh--
Loans, scholarships, I've got a lot of scholarships-- Yeah, yeah. I'm- I'm half Native American so I get all those scholarships, too. yeah.
You've got a lot- oh, awesome.
Oh cool.
So it comes Indian like. And you know I'm kind of smart, so.
Yeah.
totally.
good for you.
And yeah, well, I mean, basically I just applied for any and every possible scholarship and grant that could come by, so I can go.
the way to do it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's gonna work out. I'm gonna be able to pay for it, I'm gonna go, I mean, I'll have a little debt in the end. But I don't care.
Wow, are you so excited?
It's just you know a dream come true. How could you not be excited about a dream come true?
You're gonna be so busy, too. You're going to have to work so hard.
Oh I know, I know.
But I'm so looking forward to being so busy. You know what I mean? It's the kind of busy you've got to love, right?
Because you're doing something you love. That's the kind of busy you want. I want to be able to do that for the rest of my life. Be that kind of busy.
All right. Wow. So exciting.
I had to tell you right away. I knew you'd be excited.
We'll have fun.
Yeah. We'll have so much fun.
Great. Okay.
He saw it.
Did you talk to him?
No, I figured the best thing was to leave him alone.
I could hear him right through the floor of my room.
What was he doing out here at that hour? He's dreaming about him again. He's walking around at night.
I don't know the meaning of this, mom. But I know one thing you made a terrible mistake with dad.
Being dishonest with him, that kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.
You know that Larry's not coming back and I know it. Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?
What do you want to do, argue with him?
I don't want to argue with him but it's time that he realizes that Larry's not coming back anymore.
You can't say that to him.
We've got to say it to him.
How are you going to prove it? Can you prove it?
For God's sake three years. Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane.
To you it is and to me but not to him. You can talk yourself blue in the face but there's no body and no grave so where are you?
Sit down mom. I want to talk to you.
The trouble is the goddamn newspapers. Every month some boy turns up from nowhere so the next one is going to be Larry.
Alright, alright, alright. Listen. You know why I asked Annie here don't you?
You know why.
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
Well that's only your business, Chris.
You know it's not only my business.
What do you want me to do? You're old enough to know your own mind.
Then it's alright. I'll go ahead with it.
Then it isn't just my business.
I'm just saying.
Sometimes you infuriate me. You know that? Isn't it your business too if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it.
Sometimes you have a- Sometimes you have a talent for ignoring things.
I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.
She's not Larry's girl.
From father's point of view, he's not dead and you have no right to take his girl.
Now you can go on from there and you know where to go, but I'm telling you I don't know where to go. See I don't know. Now what can I do for you?
I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want, I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole bloody life time after time after time.
You're a considerate fellow. There's nothing wrong in that.
To hell with that.
I wanted to get this settled first.
How do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way father does.
Well if she does, then that's the end of it. From her letters, I think she's forgotten him. I'll find out.
and then we'll thrash it out with dad, right mom. Don't avoid me.
The trouble is you don't see enough women. You never did.
So what I'm not fast with women.
I don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
Well that's a good answer but it don't answer anything. You haven't seen her since you went to war. It's been five years.
These years when I think of someone for my wife, I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?
I don't want a diagram. He thinks he's coming back, Chris.
You marry that girl. You're pronouncing him dead. Now what happens to your father? Do you know because I don't?
I've given it three years of thought. I hoped that if I waited, dad would forget about Larry
and everything would be happy and we would have a regular wedding. But if that can't happen here, then I'll have to get out.
Are you crazy?
You've got a business here. What the hell is this?
The business, the business doesn't inspire me.
Must you be inspired?
Yes, I like it an hour a day. If I have to grub for money all day long, at least at evening I want it beautiful.
I want- I want a family. I want some kids. I want to build something I give myself to. Annie is in the middle of that. Now where do I find it?
You mean-tell me something you mean you'd really leave the business?
Then you help me stay here.
Alright but don't think that way
because what the hell did we work for? This whole shooting match is just for you, Chris.
I know. Just you help me stay here.
But don't think that way. You hear me?
Yeah. I can see that.
Hello. Thank you for calling Dell Taco Corporate. Can I help you?
Yeah, um. I have been trying to reach somebody who will refund, uh, my money.
Um, I basically, um I- I ordered some food
um and everything was pretty much uh- uh- just not done right. All the orders were messed up.
Okay. Well, Did you go through the automated menu? Most of your requests can be taken care of through that.
Yes, I did and that didn't- I got through to, like, one operator and she sent me to like three others
Okay. Well I'd be happy to-
If you could just give me that, then I will leave you alone. And just- if i could also- What?
Okay, sir. I'd be happy to help you. F: Can you-
Sir, can- can you tell me which branch you went to. We can start there.
Okay. Um, and what was the complaint?
The food was prepared incorrectly.
I asked for no tomatoes.
Can you be a little more specific, sir?
Did you try to take them back and get your order fixed, sir?
Well I'm very sorry, sir. They should have dealt with it at that particular branch. I apologize for that, uh, but we can help you. That's no worries. We can take care of that. So how much did you need to be refunded?
It was a hundred a sixty dollars. I'm sorry, uh, sixteen dollars.
Okay. Um, I'm going to go ahead and transfer you over to another department. They'll need your address.
Look, I don't want to be transferred over to another- All I want to do is just give you my name and address so you can send me a check.
Okay. You understand that's all I want. Just don't give me a problem with this. Okay, please because I'm very sensitive right now F: I understand that, sir-
and if I get sent to another operator, I'll have to tell them the same damn story again. I don't- I think I'm just going to lose my mind. So if you could please just not do that, that would be great. Thank you. F: I-
I understand, sir. I will explain to them what the situa-
You don't understand because you've never gone to Del Taco and gotten the service that I've gotten. You don't understand.
You're not going to call the other operator. You're not going to call the the other operator.
You're going to fill out a form on your desk
because I know you're at a desk right now in your stupid corporate building and you're going to send me a check for sixteen dollars and forty two cents.
Okay, sir. They- they have to-
Sir.
Sir, they have to take down your address at the other station. I will transfer. I will explain everything to them. It will all be fine. I promise.
What's your name?
Cindy?
Cindy? Cindy what?
Sir, I don't think my name is really relevant-
Cindy, look. If you don't get your ass a piece of paper that has a check
attached to it and you don't send it to me, I'm going to get very upset.
Alright, sir. Sir. I'm going to transfer you to the address.
Alright. You know what, sir. The customer is always right.
You know what. I- You know what? You know what? No, it's fine. it's fine it's fine You know what?
I will go ahead and I will take- I will take
Hey, Cindy. Cindy, look I know this is not your fault. Do whatever you want.
Send me to whatever operator. I just- You know what? I'm just done. I'm just done. I've lost all hope.
of getting my sixteen dollars back. It fine, no honestly.
No, Cindy just don't even-look don't even. Cuz I- look Cindy I know you don't care about me, okay. I know that I'm just like another person who calls-
But I'm giving you what you want.
No it doesn't matter. It's fine. It's fine. Just send me to the next operator. That's fine.
Okay. If that's what you want, you want to go to the next person?
Okay. Great.
What's he going to say?
He saw it.
He was out here when it broke.
Four o clock this morning. I heard a crack and I woke up and looked out. He was standing right over there when it cracked.
I don't know.
He's dreaming of him again, walking around.
I guess he is.
I don't know the meaning of it. But I know one thing, Mom, you've made a terrible mistake with father.
You know Larry is not coming back and I know it. Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?
What do you want to do? Argue with him?
I don't want to argue but it's time he realized that nobody believes Larry is alive.
You know? Why shouldn't he walk the nights thinking of him, dreaming of him? Do we contradict him? Do we say, we don't have any hope anymore? That we haven't had any hope for years now?
You can't say that to him.
We've got to say it to him.
Where's the proof? Do you have any proof?
For God's sake, three years? Nobody comes back after three years; that's insane.
To you it is, to me it is, but to your father, you can talk yourself until you are blue in the face. But there is no grave and there is no body, so where are you?
Sit down, Mom. I want to talk to you.
All right, all right, all right. You know why I asked Annie here, right?
Why?
You know.
Well I got an idea, but what's your story?
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
You know it's not just my business.
So all right then, I'll just go ahead with it?
Then it's not just my business.
You know sometimes you infuriate me. you know that? Isn't it your business if I tell father and he throws a fit about it? God, you have such a talent for ignoring things.
She's not Larry's girl. F: Line. M: From mother's point of view, he's not dead.
From your father's point of view, he is not dead and- Chris he still thinks he's still alive. The girl is Larry's girl. F: From...line. M: Now you can go on from here.
Now you can go on from there if you know where to go, but I'm telling you, I don't know where to go.
I don't know why it is, but every time I reach out for something I have to pull back because I am afraid other people will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time. F: You're --
You're a considerate fellow, there's nothing wrong in that.
To hell with that.
I just don't see why. Have you asked Annie yet?
I wanted to get this settled first.
Well how do you know she's going to marry you? Maybe she feels the same way your father does.
Well if she does, then that's it. That's the end of it. From her letters, though, I think she's pretty much forgotten him.
And then we'll thrash it out with father. Okay Mom? Don't avoid me.
The trouble is you don't see enough women. You never did.
So what. I'm not fast with women.
Why does it have to be Annie?
Because it is.
Oh that's a great reason. It's no reason at all.
I don't know.
You haven't seen her since you went away to war, it's been five years.
I can't help it, I know her best. I was brought up next door to her, you know? These years when I think of someone for my wife, I think of Annie.
Mom, what do you want? A diagram?
I don't want a diagram.
He thinks he's coming back Chris.
You marry that girl, you are pronouncing him dead...
...and then what's that going to do to your father? Do you know? I don't.
All right, then, Mom. [BREATHING]
Just give it some more thought.
I've given it three years of thought. And I'd hope that if I waited, father would forget about Larry and then we could just have a regular wedding and everyone would be happy.
But if I can't do that here, I may have to go somewhere else.
What the hell is this?
I'll get out. I'll get married and I'll move somewhere else, maybe New York.
I've been a good son for too long, a good sucker.
You have a business here. What the hell is this?
The business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Oh. Must you be inspired?
Yes. I like it for an hour a day. I don't care if I have to grub for money all day long, when I come home I want it happy.
I want some kids, I want a family, I want somebody that I can give myself to and Annie is in the center of that. Now it's just where to find it.
You mean to tell me that you would leave the business over this?
On this, I would.
Well you don't want to think like that.
Then help me stay here.
All right. But you don't want to think like that because what the hell are we working for, Chris? It's all for you. This whole shooting match is for you.
I know that. Then just help me stay here.
Just don't think like that.
Well I am thinking like that.
I don't understand you, do I?
No. You don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
I can see that.
Hi,um- I think my baggage was lost, and I need to I guess file a claim or I don't know what.
Okay, what flight were you on?
Um-Seventeen. Coming from --
On what airline?
It was Virgin Atlantic coming from London.
From London, okay. Um- And you went through all your proper checkpoints?
Yeah, I don't know where it was lost. I was coming from Africa, so.
So you haven't seen your bags since Africa. You flew threw Heath Row to here.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, let me see here. I-
It seems like it went through Heath Row. I see it here. uh-
That's good.
But uh- I don't see it here in the airport yet. uh
I'm not sure where it is. We can absolutely keep an eye out for for it for you.
Well, I can't leave without it. I mean, Could you find out?
Well, I'm not a miracle worker. I don't know what I can do for you. I don't have the bag right here.
Right, well can you get on the computer maybe and like track it down and see when it's going to get here?
Well, as I told you, it left Heath Row and it seems to have arrived here. But if you can't find it, then-are you sure you know what your bag looks like?
Yes, sir, I know what my bag looks like.
Okay, and what is that? What kind of bag is it?
Um- It's a travel backpack. It's green and gray. It's got my name on it and my information.
And you couldn't find it?
No, it didn't turn up at the baggage claim.
Are you sure?
I mean we've gone through all of this. I've been to five people already who--
Well, obviously, that wasn't me, so I'm going to have to ask you the same questions they asked you just so we can get to the same point.
Okay.
All right? Now, um- it's green, travel bag, you couldn't find it. And was there something important in it that you need it?
Yes, lots of really like -- sentimental value only, but--
Sentimental value.
Right. Well, I don't know what to tell you. Um- What I can offer you is a fifty dollar voucher on your next flight.
No, I understand. I mean. It's got to be tough all those sentimental things, but um- this is all I can do for you.
Does this happen often? Do they--you just lose baggage and you just offer people money for it?
Well, you know, sometimes that's--really, I mean what else could we do?
Uh- Not lose the baggage in the first place. I mean You're offering a service here. I paid so much money for that ticket.
Well,
Obviously ma'am.
I am sorry, ma'am.
Let's- Let's just relax for a moment, ma'am. You understand, obviously, we're going to do everything we can to keep all of your luggage here.
Obviously, we're not trying to lose your luggage. Do you really believe that we're trying to lose your luggage ma'am?
No, but I mean like why can't- why can't you find it? Where did it go? Who lost it?
Well, I just-I paid so much money for this ticket. I feel like you guys should be able to get-to offer me more than a fifty dollar voucher.
Well, we're talking about one bag. You personally made it here, didn't you?
Yeah, meaning I didn't die in a fiery plane crash. How convenient, but um- I paid two thousand dollar to ride your airline, and I would really appreciate getting my bags there to my destination in one place.
That's what the cost of the ticket was for.
Ma'am, international flights are not cheap and there's many reasons for that. It does not have solely to do with your baggage or-
Right, but part of the agreement is that I'm paying so that I can take myself and my belongings with me.
Right. Yes, ma'am.
And that you're going to transport them safely from one place to another.
Right, and also if you'll read the fine print of your agreement you'll see that while we do bear some responsibility for lost luggage, it is a fifty dollar voucher.
That's all you can offer me? I mean, my the stuff in there is worth way more than fifty dollar.
Well, I understand that. Did you buy flight insurance?
Well, my hands are really tied then.
Why do I need flight insurance? Why don't you guys just guarantee that you're going to get the stuff that I leave with to my destination?
Well, it's like any kind of insurance. You don't-when you get it, then you get more. You know, Like if you--
Right, but if I'm riding a bus, I don't need to buy luggage insurance that the backpack I take on is going to get to my destination with me.
Well, of course not because you've got your backpack with you the whole time. Now, if you--you said this was a travel bag. Why weren't you carrying it on if it was so important?
Because they made me check it. It's too heavy.
Uh, so it was really heavy.
Well, you know what, it could still turn up, but until then I can offer you this fifty dollar voucher.
There's nothing else you can do?
I'm sorry, ma'am, there's nothing else I can do. My hands are really tied here. I really wish there was something else I could do for you.
I don't believe that for a second.
Well I don't know why you wouldn't believe that.
Obviously, I'm doing everything that I can here.
Well, I have no way to give you more money. I'm giving you as much money as I can, and figuring- as far as figuring out where you bag is-
What do you mean as you can? Who makes up these rules?
makes up?
You're an autono- autonomous human being. You could- You could go into the com-
The airline makes these rules, mom ma'am.
So I'm just supposed to oh, well, oops, my luggage is gone and be fine with that and take your stinking fifty dollar voucher?
Well, you can take my stinking fifty dollar voucher and go home and wait and see if your luggage turns up. And if it does, then we'll deliver it to you.
And you have no guarantee.
I have no guarantee, absolutely not.
This is ridiculous.
How can I guarantee finding your luggage when it's lost?
Uh- Because you guys lost it, so it should be your responsibility to find it, too.
Right, well, when you're at home and you lose something, do you guarantee that you're going to find it later on?
Oh, come on. Would you cut it out? This is ridiculous.
Well, it sounds to me like you're being ridiculous
No, I don't think I am. I like have a whole bunch of stuff that means a lot to me, and I brought it you know from Africa. It's not like I can just go back and get it whenever I want.
Right.
It's not like I can go to Kmart and buy another.
I understand that, ma'am, but things get lost. There's nothing I can do about that. Things happen. Accidents happen.
And while I really would love to be able to hand you your bag right now, obviously I can't do that.
So you'd like the fifty dollar voucher?
Yeah, I'll take your fifty dollar voucher.
Okay, just fill out these three forms, and um- you'll- we'll have that sent to you within the next three weeks and, of course, we'll definitely keep an eye out for your bag.
Thanks.
You have a wonderful day.
Fine.
Okay. Is that, is that--
[BREATHING] F: [Mumbles something]
The flashlight, the silver one. There's only one, isn't there?
That's not your flashlight.
Whose is it?
Oh...well. Yeah, of course.
You keep saying my flashlight like it's just yours.
No.
How's that supposed to make me feel?
Of course, our flashlight. What's yours is mine. Me flashlight es su flashlight.
Naturally. God, how could we not think to bring it? I hope the moon stays out, though.
Do they always run during a full moon? I don't remember. Was it full last year?
Yeah.
Huh. Are you cold? Do you want my jacket? No? you know, we should have brought the blanket? Our blanket.
Aw. Do you know, I should have brought a six pack, too. A six pack, that would be just the ticket right about now. Huh?
God, I'm so excited, I'm like a kid. I can't believe I got out of the house with my fly zipped up. M: Uh oh.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm cold.
Do you want my jacket?
Right.
Wait, that's my point, too.
Well, then let's go.
No, no. Okay. That's not my point. My point is there is no point in coming down here if we just turn around and go home. Don't you want to see it?
Not particularly.
Why not?
Honey, this is like a natural phenomenon. I mean... People in Kansas would have to get plane reservations and get hotel rooms to see this. It's just forty minutes away for us; it's too good to pass up.
Pass what up? I mean these fish swim out of the ocean, they flop around on the beach, they swim away and then they die.
Yeah. But this..this moment on the beach is like the highlight of their little lives. All that flopping around is laying eggs or what to do - spawning or mating or whatever.
This is a big night for these little guys. It's like life's last orgy.
Yeah they do.
Oh Augie
There's like mystery here, there's magic. It's like a little bit of the unexplainable. I just can't see how you're not interested.
Yeah.
God, I don't get it. you know the first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life?
And last year, I remember distinctly you said, you were so excited to get here that you don't remember you stubbed your toe until we were in the car.
Ahh...we weren't in a good spot.
Hmm. We didn't see them the year before either.
We just weren't in a good spot. I'm telling you, this is a much better spot. I have instincts for these things. F: [Mumbles] Oh yeah.
Look there, see? What's that? No, that's - that's just seaweed.
God, this is great. Think about this. I know you are not interested, but just think about this.
Just all at once, they turned and they formed this line as long as the California coast. And some instinctual little firecracker went off in their bodies and they all just turned as one and started swimming.
It's single mindedness with no mind. It is urgency that is just pure urge.
That's the wind.
So what do you think?
About what?
About all of that, about all I was talking about.
Yeah, hi. Look--Um, okay. Here's the thing.
Hi, how can I help you?
Mmhmm.
lost my luggage. Your airline--
I'm sorry.
Right.
lost my luggage. I didn't lose it. No, it's not like I left it somewhere and somebody took it.
It was lost. I waited on the conveyor -- near the conveyor belt to see, you know, where -- then the baggage claim and see if it would- it would come out.
Didn't come out. I spoke to somebody, a local authority figure. F: Mmhmm.
And he told me to come to this desk here so I can, uh, at least get, uh, the hundred- hundred and fifty dollars that- that I'm owed for my loss.
'Cause that's roughly how much the bag plus all its contents was worth.
Uh. Okay. I -- first of all, I'm very sorry you lost your bag.
Um, but, actually, our policy is a fifty dollar
fifty dollars?
refund--coverage of the bag that was lost. yes
fifty dollars. No way, no.
That's our policy, sir.
I don't but the thing is, I don't care about your policy.
You understand? F: Uh huh.
What I want you to do is I want you to write three of those, as if I were three people. Okay. You can write -- you can just put my name on all --
I can't do that.
But what I'm telling you is that's what you're going to do.
No, no, because, look, I don't care what your policy says. I mean--
I'm very sorry. I understand you're frustrated. You just got off of a flight.
You understand that the contents of my bag- The contents of my bag cost a hundred and fifty dollars.
You--
We'll cover fifty.
No. No. No. What I need you to do -- I need you to write checks for -- I need you to write three of them. That'll be satisfactory.
We only cover fifty do-
Just -- you can fill out the form--We can fill out - no, no, no, we can fill out the form three times.
We only cover fifty dollars worth of lost items.
And then that'll be that. It's going to be fine. Just-
I'm very sorry.
I'm very sorry. I understand you're upset. You just got off a long flight.
You don't understand. You don't understand, actually. You don't understand because it was my luggage that was lost. Okay.
We really -- we want to work with you. We really -- we want to help.
I understand that. I would know if it was mine. Um-
Yeah. If it was yours, but it's not. It's mine. Okay. So just--
But it's not. It's yours. I understand.
I know. We want to work with you. We will give you the fifty dollars but I'm--
Yeah, we don't do that. I can go ahead and send you--
You- you- you- you're misunderstanding me. You're going to do that.
We will definitely keep an eye out for your bag. We will try to find it. We will, you know, fill out the form for missing items.
Look, can I just -- can I speak to your manager, please? 'Cause I- I really -- I don't, um -- I mean, I just don't want to deal with -- I know that -- I mean, I know this isn't your fault,
No one can make the three check thing happen 'cause we don't do that.
I can write you the one check.
but I need to speak to somebody who can make the three check thing happen.
All- all that my supervisor could do is the exact same thing that I'm offering to do.
But what I'm talk -- but I'm just,just- please let me--
But if I could just speak directly -- if I could just speak directly to your-- to your superior person
I'd be happy to give you a cup of coffee, too.
We'll just throw that in--gratuitously.
then that would be helpful to me because I just feel like if- you don't think you have the power to write three checks but you actually do. see? F: Okay, they-. Uh huh.
No, I don't. See, I could lose my job if I did that.
But your job is not my concern. My concern is getting my luggage.
And your bag is not my concern.
The fifty dollars I'm going to give you for your bag is really all I'm concerned with.
Look, I don't -- look, can we just not argue about this. Like--
I'm more than happy to not argue about it. I will give you your fifty dollar certificate.
You can go ahead and go fill out the form. We'll look for your bag.
So what if- what if we- what if we do three forms
with different names on them? That-
Then that would be lying.
but, no. See, 'cause
if we have three forms then I can get the hundred and fifty.
I'm sorry. We can only issue one fifty dollar certificate to cover the lost bag for one person.
Just please, will you please just work with me here? Just -- all I'm asking you to do is just work with me. I know -- I know that you get lots of people all day long who give you shit, give you crap, but
I understand you're frustrated, but--
um, you know, I -- this is my bag and I need the hundred and fifty dollars. Please.
I know. I understand it's personal-- It's personal to you. I get that.
Please.
But if you want to just sit down, you know, maybe have a cup of tea, calm down a little bit, we'll go ahead and we'll do what we can for you. you okey
I'm already calm. Okay, I'm calm. I'm calm.
Just all I need you to do is just fill out three forms and I'll leave you alone forever, forever. I'll never -- we'll never see each other again. F: Okay
And I'm looking forward to that. However, I can't do that. I would lose my job.
But that's not going to-- But you don't understand. You're looking forward to never seeing me again.
Oh, yes.
But never seeing me again is not going to happen until you give me the three checks.
I'm sorry, really. But--
I don't -- I'm not- I'm not convinced.
That I'm sorry?
Yeah. If you were really sorry, you'd give me the three checks.
So why don't we just do that and stop this nonsense, hmm? Hmm?
All right. Finally. Here you go.
Hi, How can I help you?
Yea. I just want to get this done,
Sure, um
get my new license.
do you have two forms of ID with you?
Um, no, I got my driver's license though.
I actually need two forms of ID. I need either a passport or a birth certificate, or social security card. I'm sorry.
Uh, sorry, I forgot them. I mean I've got to -
Well
well is the dri-driver's license going to work?
I- I can take your driver's license but I need another form of ID in order to process this paper work.
Okay, so what are you saying? What-
Um, that you would need to go home and get another form of ID and come back.
What? I- You telling me I waited in that huge line to go and sit down and get my number called, like after
Well, I'm sorry sir but
three hours and
you need to bring two forms of ID there is nothing we can do about it.
Shouldn't they have like told us about that? I mean why - why would they make me go and wait three hours if I have got to go and do it again?
Well, it's actually-
It's standard that you bring a couple of forms of ID, I'm sorry.
It's standard? I mean I don't work at the D.M.V. how am I supposed to know that, like, I stand in line, I get my
Well, I'm sorry, sir, but we're not responsible.
I filled out the application right, didn't I?
Yes, you did, thank you very much, but we're not responsible if you've forgotten something, and we need to have two forms of ID.
Okay. What about - no -- how about you hold that and I'll - I'll go and I can come back-
I'm sorry, but there is a lot of people waiting so you're just going to have to get in line again.
I've been waiting for three hours.
It just happens to people all the time, I'm sorry sir, but I can't make an exception for you.
This is ridiculous. Come on
I'm sorry, sir.
I cannot go back in that line. I've got stuff I need to do, I mean-
there is nothing I can do.
I know sir, but we have to have two forms. There is nothing I can do about it, I'm sorry.
That doesn't make any sense. Why?
I'm sorry, sir. There is nothing I can do.
You- shouldn't you have like a sign or something maybe like up on the counter when you get the applica- maybe on the application
Well, if you had checked the web site it would have said.
If you had checked the website it would have said that you needed two forms of identification.
What web- I didn't go to a website - why would I need to - it's the D.M.V.. You come to the D.M.V., you wait in line for three hours, and then you go home.
Well, maybe you should
I waited in line now I'm ready to get my stuff and then go home.
Right. So maybe you should go home now and get your paperwork and come back.
I'm sorry sir but there's a lot of people waiting. So if you won't move out of the way, then I'm going to have to call security.
God, oh my-
This is ridiculous.
I'm sorry, sir, it's not my choice.
Well, so what do you think?
About what?
What I was saying.
It's ridiculous.
It certainly is not. It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
Well, I'm not the only one. Look at all these people.
Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?
God damn it, Augie, don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. You always ask me that. It's insulting.
Well, what's bugging you?
We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
There's nothing to it. We come here, the grunion arrive, they do their little fish business, we go ooh, ah, look at the fish. They go home. We go home.
For heaven sake, we're not going to see the grunions.
Why not?
We never do, do we? I mean, have we ever?
We've missed them twice. That's not ever.
Twice is every time we've tried. That's ever.
Well, we'll see them this year.
No, we won't. It's pointless. It's like waiting up to see Santa Claus.
I mean, I feel like my whole life is gonna be spent standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for the fish to show up. And the fish won't show up.
I thought you wanted to see it.
You don't understand anything I'm saying.
No, of course not.
I did want to see it. I always do. I keep thinking that this is gonna be the time and it never is.
It's just fish. Nothing to get traumatized about.
All right. Look, I've been trying to work this backwards, but I cannot seem to figure out the exact moment that we took a turn for the worst.
You said, Hey the grunion are running tonight. I said, Great, let's go. I feel lucky.
Okay, so I'm putting on my jacket, putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage--
Do you remember the first time we came to see it? It was about four years ago, right after we got married.
I thought I was pregnant, you had a bottle of champagne, but no glasses. You asked me to dance, so we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.
And while we were dancing, you said the softest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so that I could feel them as much as hear them.
And I remember thinking, this is it. You know, at last--at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
Wait a minute. I've got it.
Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
It was in the car, right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, let's get some champagne, and I said, time's a wasting or something like that, right?
Yeah, of course, I see it now. You want this to be like that other time, right? That's it, right?
I'd rather not remember some things. I would rather not hope for some things.
Okay, yeah, sure, I see it now. Listen, you wanna dance?
No.
You want me to go get some champagne?
No.
Take off our shoes?
Well, what? You want me to breathe in your ear?
No.
You wanna get married again?
No.
What? What? You want a divorce?
No.
A vacation?
No.
A new carpet? A poodle? Ice cream? Back rub? A suicide pact? What? What? Carla, what the hell do you want? F: No.
Well, welcome to the human race. Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed? That four years down the road, we'd be at the beach yelling at each other over fish?
No, Carla, I'm just like you. I thought it was gonna be all peaches and roses and sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us
'cause you know what you get, Carla? You know what you get? This.
Yes, it is.
Right.
Well. This isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
I know, me neither.
I'm doing the best I can.
I know that, Augie. Really, I do.
I know that you meant this to be special and nice and the sand and the moon and all, but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
I didn't say that.
No, I know. But still. I know I don't make you happy.
You're the one who probably wishes you were with someone else. Someone who--you'd rather enjoy yourself and didn't take everything so hard.
I don't know. It seemed like a pretty good spot to me. I mean, look at the view you have of the moon from here.
Well, look what we have here.
Augie, you brought refreshments.
It's not champagne.
Well, then we don't need glasses.
No. I think you might be right. Maybe this is the spot after all.
Augie, I'm sorry.
Shh. If we're very quiet the fish might come.
Or not.
Or not.
Oh my God. Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what?
Well, guess. Guess, guess, guess, guess.
Um, you-- F: [LAUGHTER]
That is great. You look radiant. I should've guess.
I'm so excited.
Well, Tell me about him. What happened. M: Uh huh. Yeah. M: Oh, the beach. M: Lights? M: To the--
like all they have And I was like, what's going on? And he like takes my hand and pulls me into the middle and he's like--you know, get's on his knee and everything--And says will you marry me? And I flipped out. M: Wow. No. M: No way.
'Cause- 'Cause he was with me. You didn't do it did you?
Yeah. I mean candles wouldn't stay--No, I didn't--I didn't know anything about it.
You didn't know anything?
No. I'm just as happy as you are. This is-- F: Oh, my God.
I was just--it was so like I thought this might happen eventually, but like not yet, you know what I mean? Like--
So, I mean--it's good though.
It is good. It's totally good. I mean, it like oh, you know. F: It makes me all jittery inside.
Yeah, I know. Wow. I'm shaking. I can't even--
I know. So we're gonna take it--Like we're not gonna get married right away--'Cause we want to like have plenty of time to plan everything out M: Okay. Okay. Yeah.
...and, um, my parents want to like be part of it and help out and everything--So we want to give it lots of time to like--
Oh. Do they--do they know yet? Have you told them? Oh, that's--
Yeah, yeah, I called them. I called them And, of course, they were so excited 'cause they love him. Like they always have. Um--
That's great. Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, it'll be good. We wanna like, uh, I think we're gonna have it in spring time, like early Spring--So it's no too hot yet. And um--
Okay. You know--you know where? Or--
I don't know. I mean, I kinda like the idea of having something outside, but--Like--is a- Yeah,
Uh, huh. I mean, you know, it's spring--It'll be--
Spring's nice though.
Yeah, I don't know-[LAUGHTER]-I mean--I can't even--the whole idea of like living--spending my whole life with somebody--that's crazy M: Wow, that'll--
Yeah, that is--how long you guys been together now?
Okay. All right. So-[LAUGHTER]-quite a while. I mean--That's- That's good. I'm so happy for you. [LAUGHTER] F: Still, still, I mean, yeah.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Yeah, I'd love to be in that same situation some day, but, wow- so- F: Thank you.
Oh, you will--You'll find just the right girl. And she'll be perfect for you and everything will be great. M: It seems like--Oh, I don't know--You guys-- F: Thanks.
Oh, I approve. I-[LAUGHTER]-I more than approve.
I mean, I'm surprised he didn't, ya know--go get a plane to fly over and shine--But candles on the beach, that's okay too I guess-- F: Oh, ya I know.  He's so extravagant--
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Well--can--I mean, let me know--I want- I want invitations and--
Of course, of course--you'll be able to be a part of it. You can come help me pick my colors.
Oh, yes. This is the whole [GARBAGE]
It's so girly. I don't even know how to like--It's so weird, but it'll be fun. My mom will love to be like--she'll get so into it, I'm sure.
She'll be like--flowers and the--
It'll be good. Wow, that's great.
Oh, thank you. [LAUGHTER]
What's he going to say? Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.
He was out here when it broke.
About four this morning. I heard it crack and I looked out the window and he was standing right there when it cracked.
I don't know. But after he saw it, he ran back into the house and started crying in the kitchen.
No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.
Yes, yes he is. I don't know the meaning in it. But I know one thing, mom, we made a terrible mistake with Dad.
I don't want to argue with him. But it's time that he knows that nobody else believes that Larry's alive. I mean
Why shouldn't he dream about him, walk the nights waiting for him? Do we contradict him? Do we say outright that we don't have any hope anymore? That we haven't had any hope for a long time?
For Gods sake, three years! Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane!
The trouble is the God damn newspapers, I mean, ea- each week a new boy turns up out of nowhere. So the next one is gonna be Larry. So you--
All right. All right, just listen.
You know it's not just my business.
What do you want me to do? I mean, You're old enough to know your own mind.
So it's all right then? I should just go ahead with it?
Isn't it your business, too, if I tell dad and he throws a fit about it? You have such a talent for ignoring things.
I ignore what I got to ignore. I mean, the girl is Larry's girl.
She's not Larry's girl.
I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something that I want, I have to pull back because it might hurt somebody else, my whole bloody life, time after time, after time.
what to hell with that!
Have you asked Annie yet?
Well, how do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels like your father does.
I'll find out and then we'll thrash it out with dad, all right? Mom, don't avoid me.
The trouble is you don't see enough women. You never did.
So what, I'm not fast with women?
Because it is.
Well, that's a good reason. But it don't mean a thing. I mean, You haven't seen her since you went to war. It's been five years.
[garbage] I don't know. It's just,
she's who I know best. I know her since I- I was a kid I grew up with her. When I think of somebody for my wife these days, I I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?
No I don't want a- Your father thinks he's coming back, Chris. If you marry that girl, you're pronouncing him dead.
Now, what's going to happen to your father, do you know? I don't.
All right then, mom.
I've given it three years of thought. I had hoped if I waited, dad would've forgotten him by now and we could have a- a regular wedding and everybody happy.
But if that can't happen then I'll just get out.
I'll get out. I'll go get married someplace else, I- I'll live someplace else, maybe New York.
Are you crazy?
The business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Must you be inspired?
Yeah, I'd like one hour a day. If I have to grub for money all day long, I'd like to go home to something beautiful. I'd like a family. I'd like some kids.
You don't want to think like that.
All right. But don't think like that because what the hell did we work for, Chris? All of this, all of it, it's all just for you.
I know that, mom. Just you help me stay here.
Well, I am thinking like that.
I don't understand you, do I?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
Welcome to Northwest Airlines. How can I help you?
You guys lost my bag.
Did you file a complaint already?
Yeah. Yeah I did.
Where? Did you do it at the front desk or by the baggage claims?
I-I don't know. The place where they told me to go. Look they told me to come talk to you because you guys lost my bag. Not it's late. Not it will be here soon, lost it completely. What are you going to do about that?
Ma'am, first of all I'd like you to calm down. Second of all-
Look that bag has my entire life in it and you just lost it.
Lost it just, like, I mean,
Ma'am, I understand that.
it's not like it just disappeared into thin air. Somebody wasn't paying attention
because my bag was very easy to keep track of. It's got big, you know, rainbow colored crap all over it and no one was paying attention because now it's just gone.
I understand that. The best I can do for you, at this moment, is give you fifty dollar check courtesy of Northwest Airlines for inconveniencing you in losing your luggage.
At this moment in time, all I can do for you is give you-
No. No. I heard- I heard what you said.
You're kidding me, right. You're going to give me fifty dollars to completely cover my bag, everything that was in it, the inconvenience that I've gone through. I paid for my ticket. All I expect is to safely get to my destination with my stuff. Is that so much to ask? I mean I really don't think that's that big a deal to ask you guys to have my bag in the place where I leave and then put my bag where I end up. M: Ma'am, ma'am.
you're getting very excited right now
Yeah, well that's got everything I have in it.
I understand that, ma'am but there's not really much I can do for you right now.
Look fifty dollars is unacceptable. My bag itself cost over a hundred and fifty dollars. You can't just give me fifty dollar gift certificate to Percoes or whatever the hell and then send me off like that's- that's good enough. Like that's all I needed was fifty dollars. My bag is worth more than that.
What I need you to do is file another complaint form. There's a form that you can fill out over by the front desk near the baggage claim.
If you'd like to take that over to the front desk- Ma'am.
We're just talking over each other.
We're not going to communicate anything this way.
I expect your airline who was responsible for my bag to give me the equivalent of the bag and all of the things in it.
Ma'am in flying with Northwest Airlines you agreed to
sign away your luggage to the
I didn't sign anything. I didn't sign anything. And you people have got to make-
It's part of the small- it's part of the agreement when you're purchasing an airline ticket, there's- when you-
You have to make amends for what you did for losing my bag and all of my stuff. Fifty dollars is unacceptable.
Ma'am, please calm down. When you purchase a ticket, there is a terms and agreement,
No. No. I don't know. You know what? I'm going to call my lawyer. You know what? That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to call my lawyer and have him get down here and explain to you that this is an unacceptable option.
terms and conditions- in the agreement of purchasing a ticket. Most people frequently look it over
The best that we can do for you is give you-
Ma'am.
I want to talk to your supervisor.
I am- I am- I am my own supervisor.
I've had enough. I want to talk to-no, no unacceptable I want to your supervisor. I am done with this.
I am the supervisor, ma'am.
Really, you don't work for anybody. It's just you?
I am the current manager on duty.
Okay. Well I want to call whoever you report to, whoever your boss is because I have had enough with this airline and I am finished waiting for my fifty dollar gift certificate.
Ma'am, I own Northwest Airlines.
The craziest thing just happened to me.
This girl; she just offered me fifty thousand dollars to marry her.
Why?
Well, she's not a citizen so she wants to get a visa.
Is she on the run?
No, no, no, no, no, no she just... she's not a citizen but she wants her visa, yeah. She's going to pay me fifty thousand dollars to marry her and stay married to her for two years.
Oh, she just needs to marry you.
That's incredible. That's awesome. Where's she from? Maybe you can get a dual citizenship.
That's like twenty five thousand dollar a year for doing nothing. Isn't that awesome?
She's actually from England, I think. Well she- she spoke English but she had an accent. I didn't even ask.
That's so cool. Uh huh.
[LAUGHTER] Why did she pick you? Where were you?
Fifty thousand dollars. Fifty thousand dollars. I was just out... I just... she's - well, she's a friend of friend but like...
You were at a party? And she's like hey. You seem unattached she's like.
Yeah. Can you believe that? Yeah, she's like hey, I'm like sure I'll do it, I don't care. Yeah. I'm like fifty thousand dollars, I'd totally do it for fifty thousand dollars. But the only thing is that's kind of like illegal. So like I could go to jail probably for a long if I get caught, but...
That's unbelievable... Yeah.
Well I've known people who have done this before. Yeah. You just- it's really fun actually 'cause you have like a fake engagement party and all your friends come over and like...
It's like I'm really going to get married. We'll have like the whole thing.
Oh, good. [LAUGHTER]
Yeah. Yeah. And then yeah, and then you know like you could like you could do like like sock her for a lot of money
I know. What do you think I should-
Like make her rent the apartment that you two have to live together in, you know. And you won't pay any rent or you pay like, a hundred bucks a month or something.
Oh good idea.
Yeah. Make her like open the bank account and stuff too.
Yeah.
It's a good idea.
Dude, you lucked out.
I know. Also I get to like plan the wedding now too. That will be fun.
Yeah. My colors are blush and beige what is it, do you know?
Something blue, something new, something... no I don't know. [LAUGHTER] So yeah, wonder if she's going to pay me up front but do you think it's bad though, do you think they're going to like track the money or something?
Oh I don't know. [LAUGHTER]
I don't know get it in cash.
Just cash hardcore.
Yeah.
What should we do? Where should we get married? We should have party.
How exciting. You should have a wedding on the beach.
Yeah, like a big like- A wedding on the beach, that would be nice.
Yeah, at night.
And then we can honeymoon. I want to go tropical though like Bahamas- --or like Tahiti or something. I just want to like beach and like drink.
Oh yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
How exciting. You should make her bring all your friends too.
I'll make her pay for that. I hear she's like totally wealthy. She's like royalty- --or something like and- --whatever like removed or something but yeah.
[GARBAGE] She's got to be loaded. fifty thousand dollars. That's incredible.
Incredible.
I'm going to marry a blue blood. [LAUGHTER]
you're a lucky, lucky, lucky man.
Will you help me plan?
Oh, totally. Yeah.
Well, what of it?
No, thank you.
I'll have a little, I think.
I don't see why you want any you already had two glasses.
Oh, you know no particular reason besides they are very small glasses.
Really, Amanda.
Don't be stupid, what?
Nothing.
Are you going out somewhere dear?
Well it's a woman's duty to allure the man. Watch me a minute will you?
You know, it's a pity you didn't have any more brandy. It would have made you just a little less disagreeable.
You know what? You snap, you snap, you snap you're like a little adder.
Nonsense. They have a bag of venom behind of fangs and they snap.
They sting. M: They snap.
I don't care. I don't care, do you understand? I don't mind if they bark and they roll about like hoops.
Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
Yes, I did quite a lot.
I suppose you let him just kiss you or good deal more than too.
Oh, mind you own business.
I suppose you two had a riotous time, huh? No restrain at all, very enjoyable, he never had much any how.
You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you're drunk.
I am not in the least bit drunk.
You always had a weak head.
I think I told you once before that I had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long. A Child of two cannot get drunk on that.
On the contrary, a child two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
Oh very, very interesting Amanda. How about the child of uh... four, six or maybe nine---you know, we could work up a splendid little debate about it, you know? Intemperate tots.
Shut up.
Not very funny darling. Why don't you have some more brandy?
That's a very good idea I think I will.
Would you uh...turn that off please? You're going to wake the people upstairs.
Why?
Well then you'll wake the people downstairs.
They are away in Tunis.
This is no time a year for Tunis.
Turn it on again, please.
I will do no such thing.
Very well if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
I won't.
Turn it off.
Stop it. No. Go away.
Amanda listen. Listen.
listen Oh I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.
That's very amusing indeed.
Oh you're cruel you're...you're...I hate you, I hate you. Go away. You're conceited. You're overbearing. You're utterly impossible.
You...You're an evil minded, self-centered little wench and I never want to see you again.
This is the end do you hear me? Finally and forever.
You're not going like this.
Oh yes I am...Oh yes I am. Let go of me. You let go. You...urgh...You're a cruel friend. I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again...Ha...Never, never, never, never. I hope you die in torment. You beast.
No you're not.
Shut up. Shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee. You are an evil tempered little vampire and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.
What do you mean? He lived next door to the girl all his life. Why wouldn't he want to see her again?
How do you know he's even thinking of it?
It's got that all about it.
Well, so what?
Now, listen Kate.
You can't read her mind.
Well then why is she still single? I mean, New York is full of men. Why isn't she married? Probably a hundred people told her she's crazy, but she's waited.
How do you know why she's waited?
She knows what I know, that's why. She's faithful as a rock. In my worst moments I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.
Look, it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?
Well, what do you want me to do about it?
I want you to act like he's coming back. Both of you. Don't you think I haven't noticed since she got here. I won't stand for any nonsense.
But Kate--
Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself. I mean, laugh--laugh at me, but...
But why did that happen the very night she came here? She sleeps in his room and his memorial breaks to pieces. Just look. Look at it.
Calm yourself.
Believe with me, Joe. I can't stand all alone.
Calm yourself.
Last week, a man turned up in Detroit missing longer than Larry. I mean, you read it yourself.
All right. All right. Calm yourself.
You, above all, have to believe.
Just--just don't stop believing.
What does that mean? Me above all?
Look at you. Look at you shaking.
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you Kate?
Oh, my God, look at that. Huh-oh, how many carats is that? F: [LAUGHTER]
Like eighteen? [LAUGHTER]
Oh, Jesus.
yeah [LAUGHTER]
Yeah, The Lousy Chaperone. [LAUGHTER] Uh huh.
[LAUGHTER] Uh- Drowsy.
at the end of the performance, you know, like we're all clapping and stuff. And all of a sudden I look over and
Joe's gone. -where did he go, you know?
And I'm like oh, he went to the- -the bathroom, but he didn't tell me, I didn't even notice him leaving. And all of a sudden, I swear to God, I'm sitting there and-
he comes up onstage-- And the entire cast everyone just like
goes up there and everyone's clapping and he's standing there and they put a spotlight on him.
Oh, my God.
And I'm like freaking out. I'm like what the hell's going on, you know. I don't know what's going on. And so he's like standing there and then all of a sudden they give him a microphone-
he asked me to marry him, like- onstage. I was like, I couldn't believe--and I had to walk up there and I was, like I think I tripped or something.
Yeah, I said yes, but I, yeah, I mean,
I don't know- it just like took me, took me by surprise.
He scored points.
Oh, yeah. Everyone--yeah. And people--friends of ours were in the audience, I didn't know about, like family members.
Yeah. It was great.
It was--I cried,
No, you deserve to cry. I mean, tears of happiness.
like a loser, I cried.
But, I don't know, I--it's so weird to think I'm marrying somebody 'cause I feel so young, you know?
No. No plans. or any- and probably
like I think I want to get married--I want to have two weddings. One here, then one in Europe.
That's awesome. [LAUGHTER] Marriage.
Yeah. I'm so excited. [LAUGHTER].
















































































