You okay?
Yeah, I'm just-- yeah
Just kind of feel numb, you know.
What's happened?
You didn't even hear?
[BREATHING] Umm.
God I've told this story so many times. Umm.
You don't have to if you don't want to.
I just...I just basically lost someone that was really close to me.
And I've kind of been dealing with all of the...the stuff, you know the hospital and people work because...
I'm sorry to hear that.
He kind of didn't have anyone to take care of that for him, so--
You've been taking care of it all? M: Yeah.
Oh Jesus.
It's just really...really messed up.
He sick for awhile?
No.
Just like it.
Was it an accident?
No, I mean it just came on really quick, you know I mean it was a [GARBAGE] it was a sickness but it just --
how was sick?
What?
Well, I'm confused. He was sick or it was an accident?
He was sick. He got sick. He got sick but it happened really, really fast, you know.
Oh. Really fast? Oh.
It was kind of like boom... done
Yeah.
It's just really weird because he was really young you know and it kind of like...
Yeah.
--it just kind of freaks you out.
Totally, yeah.
So weird you know that like one days it's like you know sounds so stupid but like one day someone's here. And like next day you know they're not here and it just kind of makes you like think about like life and mortality and like that kind of stuff. You just like used to take for granted--you know.
Mmhmm.
Lock
Mmhmm.
The plans you make [GARBAGE].
Exactly, you know, and like he had so many plans and he was going to do...
It leaves a hole for you too. F: Mmhmm.
so many things, you know?
It leaves a hole for you too, in your plans together.
What?
Yeah.
It gets better.
He was a really, really good guy.
Mmhmm.
A lot of people loved him.
MMhmm.
You know, it's like affecting a lot of people it's not just me, you know?
Mmhmm.
How long did you know each other?
Umm...
For like eight years.
That's a long time.
Yeah.
It's good that you were there.
Yeah, I'm glad I was there. Glad I- glad I got to be there.
So weird,
Yeah.
like I can't...it's like you know it's like pinch me it's like I can't believe like I'm dealing with this, you know.
Are there things you wish you'd done differently?
Yeah, it's pretty amazing, huh?
I can't -- how did you do it? What happened?
[LAUGHTER] Well you paint a romantic picture.
Well I didn't want it to be like cheesy, you know.
Did she cry?
She didn't cry, but she was laughing a lot and it was very exciting, so...
Oh, my God. How long have you been planning on doing this?
Honestly, it was kind of quickly. It was actually only in the past couple months.
I can't believe this. You're getting married. It's crazy!
Yeah. Yeah. So- I know. I know. I know. It's weird 'cause it's like the beginning of the rest of my life, you know.
Yeah, it is.
But uh- no, I mean, you know. You know, I really want you to like, you know, sort of
Yeah, I would love to. Thanks. [LAUGHTER]
Okay. Well there you go.
Oh, my God, where -- have you guys talked about where you're going to get married or--
Oh, my God. M: Yeah. F: Just have fruit. F: Tropical.
Are you going to get married like on the beach barefoot or like fancier? Like in a church.
Barefoot?
Well I don't know. Throwing it out there.
Yeah. But I'm really excited. So and everybody's going to come out and it'll be a great time. And--
It's so exciting. What's the ring look like?
It's big and shiny. I don't know. It's silver and--
Big and shiny. You're such a guy. [LAUGHTER]
Yeah, I don't know. [LAUGHTER] But, yeah, so anyway -- well I wanted to tell you that, you know, 'cause you're one of my good friends and you're Kate's- one of her best friends and-
I'm so excited for you. That's great. I'm so-
Yeah, yeah. She was actually -- she was going to tell you but I told her that I wanted to tell you and she had to work today anyway, so I decided to-
Yeah, yeah.
It's fantastic. I -- congratulations. It's amazing. M: Thank you.
Thank you. I'm really -- I'm really excited. And it's -- I don't know, it's like a little -- it's like a little scary, 'cause I'm like, ah, you know, it's the first time I've ever done anything like this.
But, you know, it's like I really love her and I really just -- I can't imagine spending my life with anybody else but her. So, you know, it's like I know that's the right thing. And if you have to, you know, if you have to question that, you know, don't- don't do it. So we're going to do it.
And it's going to -- the -- you know, I told her that I just -- I want the color brown to be as an integral in the wedding. And, um, maybe some greens and blues.
She's okay with it.
Well, I mean I just told her--Well I just said, you know, hey, these are my suggestions.
All fruit and the color brown. Just that. That's all- that's my only request. F: All fruit, haha.
This is why men don't plan weddings. [LAUGHTER]
Yeah. Well maybe--maybe you're right. Maybe there's something to that.
All fruit and brown. [LAUGHTER]
So, um, anyway, do you want to order now? So, um I mean--
Why did you invite her here?
She's been in New York for three-and-a-half years. She don't just suddenly come and-
Well, maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.
You don't travel seven hundred miles just to see.
How do you know he's even thinking about it?
It's got that about it.
Well, so what?
Listen, kid-
She's not Larry's girl. She knows that.
You can't read her mind.
How do you know why she's waited?
She's faithful as a rock, don't you know. In my worst moments I can think of her-
Look, it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?
Nobody in my house better ever dare-dare to challenge her faith. Maybe strangers, but not his father, not his brother.
Calm yourself.
Calm yourself.
Don't, don't laugh at me, don't laugh at me.
Look at it. Because why, when she came here and she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Look at it, look at it, Joe.
All right. All right. Calm yourself.
Okay. Just calm yourself.
No, you've got to believe.
Why me, above all?
Huh?
Why me above all?
You got to keep believing.
Look at you, you're shaking.
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide?
Huh? What the hell's the matter with you, Kate?
Well, so what do you think?
It's PR. Somebody sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is going to take place on the beach.
Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that. You always ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. It's insulting.
Well then what's bugging you?
We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.
There's nothing to it. We come down here. The grunions arrive. They do their little fish business. We go oh, ah look at the fish. They go home. We go home.
For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.
Why not?
We totally skipped. Right.
For heaven's sake, grow up we are not going to see the Grunions.
Why not?
We never do. Do we have we ever?
We've missed them twice that's not ever.
Twice is every time we've tried that's ever.
We'll see them this year.
and the fish won't show up.
I thought you wanted to see it.
You don't understand anything I'm saying.
No, of course not.
I did want to see it. I always do. I keep thinking that this time will be the time but it never is.
It's just a fish. Nothing to get traumatized over.
I've been trying to work this backwards but I can't seem to pinpoint the moment when we took a turn for the worse. You were fine during the phone call from Marge. Dinner was okay. Doing the dishes was no problem.
We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses. You asked me to dance. So we took off our shoes
and you popped the cork and while we were dancing, you said the softest most intimate things to me
right into my ear so that I could hear them as much as- so that I could feel them as much as hear them.
And I remember thinking this is it. At last, at last I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.
Wait a minute. I've got it.
Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne from the bottle.
It was in the car right. Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that. Right?
That's it, right? You want this to be like the other time, right. That's it.
I would rather not remember some things. I would rather not hope for some things.
No.
You want me to get some champagne?
No.
No. No.
Well what? Want me to breath in your ear?
No.
Want to get married again?
No.
What? What do you want a divorce?
No.
A vacation?
No.
A new carpet, a poodle, a backrub, ice cream, a suicide pact. What? What? Carla what the hell do you want?
Do you think that when I proposed, I had this great fantasy going that four years down the line we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish.
Do you think that I knew that there'd be times when you'd look at me like I'm a used Kleenex and times I would look at you and think holy hell when's the next flight to Alaska.
No, no I'm just like you. I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and sand in our hair and wind in our
Sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will always pay themselves and ha, ha baby the jokes on us. Because you know what you get,
This what, what is this? This isn't even anything.
Oh, right, sure this is standing on the beach. This is waiting. This is fighting.
I'm doing the best I can.
I know you are, Augie. Really I do. I know you wanted this to be special and nice and it's the full moon and the sand and all but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
I didn't say that.
No, I know but still. I know I don't make you happy.
For heaven's sake, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing it with you.
Well don't be ridiculous. Don't you know that? You're the one who probably wishes you were with somebody else
somebody who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.
Actually now that you mention it, no I don't.
I don't know. It seemed like a good spot to me.
Yeah, I noticed that. Looks pretty on the water doesn't it, big old white moon.
Well look at what we got here.
Oh, Augie you brought refreshments.
It's not champagne.
Well then I guess we don't need glasses.
I'm beginning to think you might be right. I think this may be the spot after all. Augie I'm sorry.
I have something to tell you.
What? You seem so excited.
It's really exciting. Don't you want to guess?
Uh, you got a new car, a new house. Uh, a dog. F: No, better. Better.
Look.
Yes. He finally proposed. I'm getting married.
Holy shit that's amazing.
I know. I'm so-
Congratulations.
Thank you. [LAUGHTER]
I'm invited, right.
You think. [LAUGHTER]
Well actually we were just talking about today and I don't really want to do like the traditional church thing, you know. So we are going to get married in the meadow. M: A meadow?
We're going to get married in the middle of a meadow. [LAUGHTER]
Everybody's going to come up. We're going to stay in all the pretty cabins up there and, um, everybody's going to have, you know, really flowery sort of naturey stuff.
So pretty.
Very Midsummer Night's wedding.
Thanks. Thanks a lot. You're really helping the Excitement here. I hope no one dies.
Okey Well- well-, you know what? I was hoping that you would help
plan everything. So then you can make sure that no one gets attacked by bears. M: Plan?
Yeah. I'll help plan.
Yeah?
Really?
Okay. It's going to be in, like, six months. So we don't have a really long time.
Why not browns?
It's a light brown, tanish.
I just think browns are really what you want to go with. I mean I think there's more contrast between brown and green than there is- F: Well, yeah, but
I know but you just asked me to- M: Yeah, I know.
Come on. Please will you do the greens and browns, just the browns for me? F: Come on. M: I'm not trying to ruin your mood.
Okay. Fine. So green and what? F: Umm.
Blue?
Okay, fine. Greens and blues.
Greens and blues and maybe a little light yellow?
Yeah?
Throw in a little- little, uh, trim in yellow. Maybe some yellow flowers.
Okay. That sounds good. Um, and, uh, we're going to get like a five, uh, story cake, right?
I mean, you know, you're going to have at least, like, two hundred and fifty people come. So we're going to need, you know, just a huge buffet. F: Yeah
Yes.
Fried chicken, mashed potatoes.
because you're going to take care of everything. You're going to think of all the details that I forget.
Well I can't be in charge of this. I mean I got things I got to do.
Well this is really exciting. I mean- I just- I couldn't be happier right now.
I'm thrilled. God.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha.
Just ecstatic. I can't believe you're my best friend
Just couldn't be any cooler.
You're my best friend, we're growing up and now you're getting married. that's amazing
I know. I've been waiting forever. I can't believe it's finally happening.
Wow. I just- I- I- I feel like I'm going to faint.
I'm so- all the blood
You don't look like you're going to faint.
has just rushed to my head, and I, and I mean honestly. F: Uhuh.
I'm getting a little weak in the knees.
So- So when are you getting married Mr. Excited?
You haven't ruined it yet. F: Maybe we'll get married.
You really like
I don't know. Okay. I mean gosh. There's just- look there's a lot of pressure in getting married, okay.
You could make her that excited. You really like her. You guys have been together for a really long time now.
[LAUGHTER] That's more than I needed to know.
[laughter]
What time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight.
God, this great, isn't it? Like look at the night we go here, it couldn't be better.
How you doing?
Fine.
Is that -- is that, no? Was that just foam? I can't even tell.
Although, I guess you can't tell it probably isn't them. Probably be unmistakable don't you think?
How you doing? You know what I forgot? I forgot to bring my flashlight. How - how could I forget to bring my flashlight? How could I be so stupid?
What flashlight?
You know the flashlight, the silver one, there is only one, isn't there?
That's not your flashlight.
Who's is it?
It's ours; it's mine too.
But you kept saying my flashlight as if somehow it's just yours. I mean how is it supposed to make me feel?
Yea.
You cold, you want my jacket? We should've - we should've brought our blanket, our blanket, how could we forget to bring the blanket?
Oh, a six-pack, that's, should've brought a -- a six-pack be just the ticket right now. How could I forget,
oh man. Like a kid, it's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.
You think they can hear us talk or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
I'm cold.
It's after eleven. Let's just go home.
Are you kidding, we'd miss it. We, we just got here. What's the point in coming down here if we just turn around and go home?
There is no point in coming down here.
That's my point.
So let's go.
Not particularly.
I don't, it's just stupid.
Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. I mean it only happens once a year.
Think about the people in Kansas, they- they'd have to get a plane ticket and hotel reservations to see this. We live forty minutes away it's too good to pass up.
Pass up what? These little fish swim onto the beach flop around and swim away, and then they die.
Yea, but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. I mean all that flopping is laying eggs or what do you, mating or spotting or something like that.
This is a big night for these guys, life's last orgy.
What are you so excited about? I mean it's not a moon landing we're talking about here it's fish. It's a fish nobody even eats.
Yes they do.
Augie
Okay. But it's fish that do something none of the other fish do. Like the swallows returning to Capistrano, or the Lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs
you know there is like, there is a certain mystery here, a magic, a bit of the unexplainable. I don't see how you cannot be interested.
I'm just not.
Yes.
And then last year I remember specifically you were so excited that you stubbed your toe on the way pushing me out of the house, and you didn't even notice until we got in the car.
Last year you'll also remember our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got into a big fight over nothing, and we didn't see the Grunions.
We didn't see them the first time either.
We just weren't in a good spot; this is a much better spot. I've got good instincts for these things.
There is that, oh no that's just seaweed, isn't it?
This is, this is great, isn't it? I wouldn't miss this for anything. Now listen to this, I know you're not interested but just listen.
Out there somewhere there is this huge mass of silver fish headed this way,
they don't why, we don't know why. They didn't take a vote or anything; they didn't get a map or an invitation.
Just all as one. This little time sensitive firecracker, instinctual firecracker in their body just went off and all as one they turned and formed a line as long the California coast and started swimming. They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.
It's single mindedness, with no mind, it's urgency that's pure urge, they don't know what drives them. They don't ask it a name or ask it a question,
they just turn as one and start the swim and brings them right here to this spot where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.
Look at me; I'm giving myself goose bumps all my hairs are popping up.
That's the wind.
About what?
It's ridiculous.
Hey sweetie.
Hey.
Um.
Uh, -Um
Why the sad face?
they need me out there sooner than I thought
They want to deploy me next week.
For--
They said anywhere from two to three years.
Honey--
--need me on the specialist honey.
You can't. We need you. I need you.
I don't want to go but,-
I don't care about the money.
but they said they'd increase my pay by triple-there promotion.
No.
Do this whole thing by myself?
Honey you're not going to be by yourself--
We'll have internet set up, we'll get web cameras and everything. My whole family's here too.
Carry her for nine months and then yes.
It's not the same thing. It's not like having you here.
I can't do this.
You can do it. Alright? You can, you can be strong, you can be strong for both of us alright?
I'm sick of being strong-- --for us.
I don't know what to do.
I don't want to - I don't- I don't want to go.
What am I supposed to do?
You can say no?
You know I can't say no.
You could. You really could. You could-- --get into another line of work. I could start working after Anna's born?
The last guy who said no was fired.
I put in fifteen years in this job.
I know.
I'm so close. Five more years and I retire-
and we'll have that happy life.
and watch our child grow, see her take her first steps, her first words.
Honey after a year I can be back.
You said two years.
They want me there two years but I could probably get
maybe get some vacation-- --once it quiets down there.
A whole year? --We're not talking about like a couple months here. I mean this is a whole year.
I know. I know. But they really need some good guys there.
What could happen in a year?
And this isn't the first time you know? I mean you always...sending you off to different places and...
Well that's the kind of work I'm in honey.
I don't know if that's how I want to live my life.
It's just going to be--it's going to go faster than you think.
Joe I'm serious I don't want to have to have a little girl to tell...asking every day where's daddy, where's daddy and have to tell her that he's away--
far away and he won't be here.
You tell her-- [BREATHING]
I'm done. I can't honey.
What do you mean?
It's over.
Honey I can't do it anymore.
I need you here. Anna needs you.
So I have--you want me to choose between you guys or my career?
yeah.
What am I going to do?
Priorities honey, priorities.
I want to--what am I going to do if I leave this job?
You're smart. You could go back to school--
finish your Master's that you were started never finished.
Fine. I'll see if I can talk to them.
You're the only one I know who loves his parents.
It's all right. It's a good thing. It's lovely here. The air is sweet.
So, you're not sorry I came?
Well, your mother, first of all, pretty much told me to leave.
Well-
I figured they would, your mother at least.
Well, from her perspective, I mean, why else would I come here?
You feel it's wrong here, don't you; this yard, this chair? I want you to be ready for me, Annie. I- I don't want to win you away from anything.
Oh, Chris I've been ready for a long time.
I almost got married two years ago.
You felt something that far back?
Everyday since.
Well, I mean, until then you never wrote and when you did, what did you say? I mean, you sure can be ambiguous.
oh, God I kissed Annie. I kissed Annie. I can't How long have I waited to do that?
Oh, Annie, we're gonna live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
Not like that you're not.
Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris. What's the matter?
Lets go for a ride. I I- I want to be alone with you.
No, nothing like that.
Even in your letters there was something ashamed.
Yeah, I suppose I have been. But it's going for me.
You have to tell me.
I don't I don't know where to start.
It wouldn't work like this.
It's so mixed up with so many other things.
Yeah, sure.
I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
It- It takes time to toss something like that off,I mean, because they weren't just men.
I know it's it's just a little thing but that's just the kind of guys I had. They didn't die. They killed themselves for each other.
I mean that exactly, anymore selfish -- just a little bit more selfish and they would have been here today. And it gave me an idea as I was watching them all go down.
It was and then I went home. And it was incredible. It didn't have any meaning there.
I felt what you said, ashamed somehow because nobody had changed at all.
It seemed to make suckers out of so many guys. And I-I felt wrong to be alive; to to open that bank book, to to drive that car, the new car, and look at that new refrigerator. I mean,
you can take those things out of the war, but if you're gonna drive that car you've got to know that that came from the love a man can have from a man. And you've got to be a little bit better because of that. Because if you're not, then it's all just loot and there's blood on it and I didn't want any of it.
And I guess that included you.
Do you still feel like that?
I want you now, Annie.
Because you can't feel like that anymore, Chris. Because everything you have, you have a right to, me included.
Oh, Annie,
[LAUGHTER] What will I do with a fortune?
Annie I am going to make you a fortune. M: Oh [garbage]
You're not sorry you came?
No. I'm not sorry. But I'm not going to stay.
Look,
you saw the way that she acted and then well, I mean, you, you were acting kind of...
What?
Well, I don't know, embarrassed of her since I came.
I mean, that's the reason why I asked you here.
Well,
I love you.
I guess that's why I came.
Look, I've been ready for a long, long time now.
Look, I almost got married two years ago.
You started to write me.
You felt something that far back.
Every day since.
I was waiting for you Chris, I mean, till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say?
You'd always be so ambiguous.
Give me a kiss Ann, just give me...
Oh God. Annie, I kissed Annie. I kissed Annie.
I'll never forgive you for that.
I mean, Why did you wait all these years? There I was sitting around and wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.
We're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
Not like that you're not.
Nothing. Hey, let's drive somewhere. I want to be alone with you.
You remember overseas I was in command of a company?
Well I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
Geez.
Takes a little while to toss that off cause they weren't just men.
For instance, one time this...it had been raining several days and this one kid, he came up to me, he gave me his last pair of dry socks, put them in my pocket.
That's just a little thing but that's the kind of guys I had. They didn't just die, they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly.
A little more selfish and they'd still be here today. And I got this idea watching them go down. See everything was being destroyed but there was one new thing that was being created.
It was a kind of responsibility, man for man. You understand me?
And to show that and to bring that onto the earth again like some sort of monument standing right behind all of us and we could feel it and it would make a difference to him.
And then I came here and it was incredible. There was no meaning in it here. The whole thing to them was a kind of bus accident.
And I went to work with dad and that rat race again and I felt what you said, ashamed. Somehow because nobody was changed at all.
It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys. I felt wrong to be alive. I felt wrong to have that new checkbook,
open that new bank account, drive the new car and see the new refrigerator
cause you can take those things out of the war. But you got to know, when you drive that car that it came out of the love that a man can have for a man and you got to be a little bit better because of that.
Otherwise what you have is loot and there's blood on it.
And I didn't want to take any of it and I guess that included you.
And you still feel that way?
that includes me too, I mean and the money, you have right to that money. Your father put planes up in the air, good planes and he deserves it, you should be proud of that. A man should be paid for that.
Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.
What am I going to do with a fortune?
Buy some hats?
Why did he invite her here?
Well, maybe he wanted see her.
It's been three and a half years. Why all of a sudden?
Well uh, He grew up next door to the girl, why wouldn't he want to see her?
Don't look at me like that. He didn't tell me anything he told you.
How do you know he's even thinking about it?
Oh so what?
What is going on here, Joe?
Okay, now listen, kids...
The girl is not Larry's. If the girl is Larry's girl she's not his she know she's not.
Listen. Line. You can't read her mind.
And how do you know why she's waited.
Okay, look it's a beautiful day. Why are we arguing?
Nobody in this house dares take away her faith Joe. Her- strangers might but not her father, not her brother.
What do you want me to do? What do you want?
I want you to---act like he is coming back. Don't think I haven't noticed you, both of you since Chris invited her here. I won't stand for any nonsense.
Kate...
[BREATHING]
Oh, laugh at me, laugh all you like but why does this happen to very night she comes back? She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces. Look at it, Joe look.
All right, calm yourself.
Believe with me Joe, you got to believe. Only last week a boy came back missing longer then Larry you read it yourself.
Okay, calm yourself. Alright.
calm yourself.
You above all have got to believe. Just don't stop believing.
What does that mean? Me above all? What does that mean?
Look at you. You're shaking.
What the hell do you want from me, Kate?
Oh, um-
What's wrong?
You didn't fill this out right. All right. It says that you have to fill out the back sheet of this, but you filled out the yellow sheet of it.
No, no, no, no, no, no. The lady over there, she told me to fill out the front and she said to wait in this line.
Who?
I don't know. Some lady. Sonya or something.
She- she probably doesn't even work here.
Excuse me? No, no. I waited in the line over there..
All right Uh-
and she told me to come over here and she said to fill out everything on the application and I did that.
It's not right.
Look, I-- No, no, no, I--you don't understand. I have to go back to work.
You just take--all right.
Well, you didn't fill this paper at work out right and it's going to take another fifteen minutes to do it and look at how long the line we got here so just-
I am not-
okay, just go back and fill it out real quick and I'm sorry, you have to get back in line and wait. I can't let you cut.
But you don't understand. I cannot get back in line because I have to go back to work. I will get fired if I don't leave here.
[LAUGHTER]
What time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight. Oh, this is great, isn't it? Look at the night we've got here. It couldn't be better. Actually, I wanted to go a little further up the coast you know to get away from all the lights and the people. I was afraid we might miss it though, so how are you doing?
Fine.
What's that? Is that- Wait, is that foam? I can't even tell. Oh Actually, I guess if I can't tell then it probably isn't it, is it? It will probably be unmistakable, don't you think?
This is great. How are you doing? Oh, no. Oh, do you know what I did? I forgot the flashlight. How could I be so stupid? I forgot the flashlight.
What flashlight?
The flashlight. The silver one. There's only one, isn't there? Stupid.
Oh, no, of course, our flashlight. Me flashlight is to you flashlight, naturally.
How could we have forgotten it? Well, I hope the moon stays out. I wonder, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember, was the moon full last year, do you remember?
Are you cold? Do you want my jacket? We should have brought the blanket, our blanket. Oh, this is great. I didn't even think to bring a six pack. Oh, a six pack would be just the ticket right about now.
I can't believe I forgot.I'm like a little kid. I'm surprised I made it out of the house with my fly zipped. Oh, [LAUGHTER]
Oh, I wonder if they can hear me or if they can feel the vibrations when we move around in the sand. or something
Do you want my jacket?
Oh
Honey, it's a natural phenomenon. I mean, this kind of thing only happens once a year. It's a great opportunity.
I mean, Think about people in Kansas, they've got to get like you know plane tickets and hotel reservations just to see this. We're just forty minutes away. It's just too good of an opportunity to pass up.
Pass what up? It's It's just little fish and they swim up on the beach and they flop around and they swim away and then they die.
Yeah, but all that time on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. You know,
and all that about flopping around, it's like laying eggs or what do you -- spawning or mating or something like that.
I mean, this is a big night for these guys. You know, life's last orgy.
What are you so excited about. This isn't rocket science, this is just fish. Fish nobody even eats.
Yeah, they do.
Augie.
All right. But they are fish that do something no other fish do. Like the swallows were turning into Capistrano or Lemmings jumping off the cliffs, you know like that. There's- There's magic here and mystery. And a little bit of the unexplainable. You know, I can't see how you could not be interested.
I'm just not.
For real?
I don't get it. I mean, the first time we came you said it was the best night of your life. And last year I remember distinctly you were so excited about coming that you stubbed your toe toe pushing me out the door and you didn't even notice until you got in the car.
Well, if you also remember last year we- our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, we had a big argument, you had a sore throat, and we didn't see the grunion.
We didn't see them the first time either.
Look there. What is that? Is that -- Oh No, that's seaweed.
Oh, this is great. I wouldn't miss this for the world. I mean, think about this, I know you're not interested but just think about this for a second;
somewhere out there is a giant mass of silver fish all swimming in this direction. They don't know why they're doing it. We don't know why they're doing it. They didn't- It wasn't a decision. No one took a vote. Nobody sent them an invitation or a map or anything like that. It was just some internal time release fire cracker that went off. And all as one they turned around and formed this giant line as long as the California coastline and they just started swimming. They are swimming right now at this very moment. And And-
And it's single mindedness with no mind. It- It's urgency, it's pure urge. I mean, they didn't make any decisions. They don't ask any questions. They don't give it a name,
they just all as one turn around and start swimming to this very point where we are standing now for one last celebration of sex and death. God, it's giving me Goosebumps. Look at all the hairs that are standing up.
Well, so what do you think?
Can I help you?
Yes, please help me. Where is my bag?
I need a little more information.
Where is my bag? Come on, I've been here for four hours.
What- What flight did you come in on?
Okay, I'm coming in from Atlanta.
Georgia?
There's no need for you to raise your voice, sir.
I've been college educated.
I speak your language.
Are you insinuating that I don't have a college education and that- for some reason that makes you a better person than I am?
Listen, shut your smug mouth, okay? I don't need that.
I'm just saying you don't need to talk to me like I-
I've been sitting here for four hours.
I'm not a child.
You people have just been tossing me around like a used hanky.
You work here.
Details, Details. Well, anyhow can I--
so you flew in from Atlanta...
My bag from Atlanta.
Four...Four hours ago.
It's a little black bag with wheels.
Do you have any i-?
I wouldn't let you? I was not in Atlanta. I was not in Atlanta.
I had nothing to do with the boarding attendance. I'm sorry that your seat was wherever it was.
I have some unfortunate news, uh, that your bag isn't going to be--
--arriving any time soon.
I'm really sorry to tell you this but...
Okay.
It's not. I can offer you fifty dollars and a reimbursement gift cards for our airline...
...and your future...
No.
Yes.
Where is it? Where did it go?
We've actually...
They do as matter of fact. We don't like to publicize it because
people wouldn't Fly our airline.
Probably people that work for your company huh?
Do you know what was in that little bag that I could have just easily put in overhead compartment but no I had to check?
What was that?
My computer which has all of my data which I'm collecting right now.
That's unfortunate.
Yeah it's really unfortunate you know why because I'm going to get fired if I don't get that. So I need to have that back.
That's too bad.
Fifty dollars is not going to cover me for my job, okay?
I wish I could give it to you.
Well you need to find it. Can I just go back there and look through the bags? Can I just go back there and just go through maybe I'll find it.
I wish I-
That's not - no.
No.
It'll be a lot more than what you're doing sitting here and just give me lip service. I'd like to go back at least do some aggressive searching for my stuff.
We have plenty of aggressive searching going on it's not there. Someone's taken it.
Sure, yeah right you have plenty of aggressive searching going on, aggressive searching, drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes.
I know what you guys do when you're not working you're union people; you just sit around on your ass.
You know I don't need to take this sort of abuse.
[BREATHING]
Thank you very much.
And very much sillier.
However I believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
Oh. You knew there was nothing in that.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
Presents? It was only a trivial, little brooch.
You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
I did not. You worked that whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
Well, you let him kiss you, huh? You said you did.
Well, what of it?
What about me?
Oh dear. I'm bored with this conversation.
So am I. I'm bored stiff. [GARBAGE] Do you want some brandy?
I'll have a little, I think.
No particular reason. Anyhow, they are very small ones.
You can hardly call three glasses of liquor a whole evening long, going on and on and on.
Oh. Don't be so grand. Just because you don't happen to want one at the moment.
Don't be stupid.
Really, Amanda.
What?
Nothing.
you going out somewhere, dear?
No. I am just making myself fascinating for you.
Oh. It's a woman's duty to allure the man.
Well as a matter of fact, yes, that's perfectly true.
No it isn't.
Yes it is.
You shut up.
Oh really. It's a pity you didn't have any brandy, it would have made you a little less disagreeable.
Snap, snap, snap. You know you are like a little adder.
Nonsense. They have a bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap. They snap.
They sting. I don't care. Do you understand? I don't care if they bark and they roll about like hoops.
Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
Yes I did, quite a lot.
And I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more than, too. Yes. I suppose you guys had a riotous time, huh? All out, no restraint at all. Well, you never really had much anyhow.
Mind your own business.
You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you are drunk.
I think I am not in the least bit drunk.
You've always had a weak head.
I think I mentioned once before that I've had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long. A child of two cannot get drunk on that.
On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
That's very interesting Amanda. How about a child of four? Or a child of six? Or a child of nine? We can get a good little conversation going on about this, you know, intemperate tots.
Oh shut up.
Shut up.
Not very funny, darling. Why don't you have some more brandy.
Look, you better turn that off. I don't want to wake up the people upstairs.
Why?
There are no people upstairs; it's a photographer's studio.
Well then you'll wake up the people downstairs.
They are away in Tunis.
This is no time of year for Tunis.
I will do no such thing.
Fine if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
Will you turn that off, it's driving me mad.
You are far too temperamental, try to control yourself.
Turn it off.
I won't. Let go, let go of me. Listen, listen? I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
Amanda, listen, listen.
Oh. That's very amusing indeed.
Oh shut up. Let go. I hate you, I hate you. Do you hear? You are a conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
You are a vile, ill-tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
This is the end. Do you hear me? Finally and forever.
You're not going like this.
Oh. Yes I am.
You're not.
Yes I am. Stop it. Stop it. Let go of me. Oh. You're a cruel fiend. I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again? Never, never, never. I hope you die in torment, you brute beast cad.
Shut up. Shut up. God, I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee. You are a vile, ill-tempered, mean little wench and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
So what's up? What's new?
Well Vegas was awesome.
Yeah. I heard.
And, um, I got married.
Yeah. In the old town part.
Who did you marry?
Um- Yes. It was very romantic.
It was at the slot machines.
Uhuh, uhuh. He won big and he-and he realized that the only thing that would make it better was me as his bride.
He turned to you and was like...
[LAUGHTER] That's really romantic.
Yeah. Well. You know, because he's leaving the next day.
Yeah.
But we're going to have a honeymoon cruise.
Does that mean that you're going to get citizenship, too, in- in England or whatever?
Oh. I hadn't even thought about that.
Yeah. But he'll have like a long visa. Can you go visit then for a long time? M: I think you can.
Oh. Totally. M: Yeah.
I guess I'll- I guess I'll have an internet husband.[LAUGHTER]
Like you need another one of those.[LAUGHTER]
Is that your phone?
Yeah, so [LAUGHTER] He's calling me now
He loves you.
He likes to keep tabs, you know.
How much did he win at the slot?
Uh, I think seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Penny slots. That's what he plays.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan of the Wheel of Fortune quarters. But it just costs so much. I don't know.
Yeah. We played Wheel of Fortune pennies. It's like a giant thing with like-
But the pennies always get you because you end up spending like, you know, fifty bucks.
Fifty bucks. Mmhmm.
like, wait, but it's just pennies. You're like, wait a minute I'm on to you.
Yeah.
Well so now we're married. We have cat children.
Awesome.
[LAUGHTER] Cat babies.
We renamed Brenda, Lumber Janet.
That's fair enough.
She needs a new name each state that we go into. [LAUGHTER]
Why does that bother you?
Well, maybe maybe he just wanted to see her again.
Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
What are you talking about? He grew up next to the girl his whole life, why wouldn't he want to see her again? Don't look at me like that. He hasn't told me anything he didn't told you.
Why do you think he's even thinking that?
He's got that about it.
Well, so what?
What's going on here, Joe?
Now listen.
How do you know why she's waited?
Look, it's a beautiful day outside, why are we arguing?
Well, what do you want me to do about it? What do you want?
I want you to pretend like he's coming back. Both of you, don't think I haven't noticed you and Chris since she's gotten here. I don't want any nonsense.
But Kate?
No, because if she- he's not coming back then I'll kill myself. Laugh! Laugh at me!
Calm yourself.
Calm yourself.
Only last week a man turned up in Detroit missing longer than Larry. You read it yourself.
All right. All right.
You above all have got to believe.
What's that suppose to mean, me above all? Look at you, you're shaking.
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide, Kate? What the hell is the matter with you?
Have you tried, uh, Craig's List?
Uh, what? Craig's List? Oh the internet thing?
Yeah.
I don't know. Isn't that-- that's all like escort services and things like that.
No. There's regular jobs on there.
I don't know. I mean I've been looking for so long that I just figured that-- I mean, I think things like Monster are a lot more reliable than just some random free board.
Uh huh.
I'm just saying I have a friend that got a good job on it so I was just recommending it.
He's like a manager for a theatre.
He's like a house manager. Yeah. It's a good job.
He just...
you know what? I heard about that job. I applied for that.
You did?
Yeah. I saw a posting at the theatre.
Yeah. M: Hmm.
You've been looking for a job for a long time; that was a long time ago. Right?
Yeah.
Hmm.
I don't know. He had a really good resume I guess and--
Yeah. Do you have a resume?
It's kind of helpful when getting a job.
I just- I mean I call people up and I tell them what I'm good at.
Well maybe we should sit down some time and you can just tell me all the stuff that you have done and I'll write it out.
Yeah.
No. You can- or you can just bring it in person. But they need, generally, something to see, you know, what kind of what that you've done, what kind of--
I'm there in front of them. I'm telling them what I'm good at.
Yeah. But the piece of paper helps, too.
Why? It's a piece of paper.
No. But it has an outline, you know.
I just don't want this paper trail, you know. I just don't want things following me around, like-.
I know. Okay. Well, um. Maybe--
It's just-- You know, I've had this problem before. You're not the first person to tell me that I need a resume but...
Yeah.
Okay, yeah. I would imagine.
Well, sometimes you have to do things that you don't necessarily like to do to have a job. But the job affords you money, you won't have to be taking the bus right now.
That's baloney, that's baloney.
Please.
maybe get a car.
I just, you know, think you should try a little harder maybe.
you think that you're better than me because I don't have a car?
I didn't say that.
You know, you're riding the bus, too.
I am riding the bus, but by choice.
Why? What choice?
To save the environment, carpool.
You're saving the environment. mmhmm
Yes. One less car at a time.
Interesting. That's fantastic.
Mmhmm.
You know, you don't have to take out your frustration on me, you know, just because...
I'm not frustrated.
...you can't get a job and refuse to have a resume.
Who do you think you are?
I don't think I'm anyone.
You are so high and mighty. I just--
I- I-I didn't-- okay.
Oh. I'm saving the environment. I'm riding this car because I- I want to.
What? Oh. So now you're...
The bus, I'm riding the bus because I want to.
you know what? You don't have to take your anger and your hurt out on me.
I can not-- you are not here by choice. Nobody would ride this bus by choice.
Now and always sweet.
I don't care then.
I mean, it was, it's bound to come out sooner or later.
That sent shivers up my spine.
No, wrong number.
Behave exquisitely.
That's serious enough.
I didn't hit you very hard.
D.S.L. Extreme, can I help you?
Hi, I need- I need some help. I've been transferred to, like, eight different departments and I've told my problem to every single department, and then they just send me to another one and say they are going to send all my information so I won't have to repeat it, and then that person doesn't know what's going on. And I've restated my story about eight different times and I just want somebody to help me get my connection back, because this happens every two weeks. And I want to know what to do to stop it from happening again.
This happens every two weeks?
Yeah. That my service just goes out.
You've lost your connection.
yeah.
okay.
And I'll reset the IP address. I will do like, you know, direct connect the modem to my computer, and then reset everything, and then put the router back in. And-
Hmm. Mmm.
Is not, It it It will work again for like a week and then it goes out again.
Has somebody tried to pin your site?
Uh, yeah. We've pinned it a couple of times.
Okay. Um- Well, I don't know. And it consistently happens every two weeks?
Pretty much, yeah - I don't know if it's, like, bad phone lines or something.
Well, you know what, does your D.S.L. cable -- you have D.S.L., right?
Hmm. Mmm.
Okay. Does your D.S.L. cable, you know, travel a long distance by any chance? - Does it go through any windows? I mean, is it --
yeah.
It goes- It goes, like, through doorways. But it goes a long distance.
Okay. Is it being- Is it being compressed between anything by any chance? Because sometimes your connection can be you know, disrupted by, you know, the cable being squished.
Yeah. That can be- That can create a bad connection. And it won't always be a bad connection, but it will be bad off and on.
Well, I- I can check that. Is there anything else we can do, too? Like, I'll go through and check the line throughout the house, but --
Yeah, well, absolutely. What we can -- let's just go ahead and just do a basic diagnostic of your system first off, okay. Can you go down to your start button?
Uh huh.
Okay, And uh- go ahead and click on run.
All right.
Okay. We're gonna get your -- a little black box is going to come up. Do you see that?
Yeah, I see that.
Okay Uh- You've got your C calling, go ahead and type in directory list.
Okay.
And hit enter.
Okay.
Okay? Can you tell me what that says?
Uh, it it's like a bunch of different letter and numbers and stuff.
Okay Okay, And Um- letters and numbers and stuff. Uh- Can you - Can you just type in IP address search? And hit enter.
Uh huh, Okay.
Okay? Does it list your IP address there?
Uh, yeah looks -- no, no. It's set to zeros.
It's set to zeros. Okay, maybe that's our problem. That could very well be our problem there. Somehow you've lost your IP address. I'm not sure why that would happen every week. It could be a cycling issue, something like that. But let's go ahead and type your IP address in again.
Well, if it does happen again, let me give you my direct number and you can call me. Actually, I'll give you my cell number. Um- It's --
Of course. we seriously- Yeah, I mean, obviously you've worked- you know -- I don't want to hassle you anymore.
Oh, my God. I can't even tell you how much of a relief that is. I literally call and talk to five different people. Like last week it went off and I spent an hour and a half on the phone with different people. And I've been doing that like every, every other week for months now.
I completely understand.
It's so frustrating.
Absolutely. And I just don't want that to happen to you anymore.
Absolutely. It's a new service we are offering.
Yeah, accountability. It's awesome.
Uh huh Uh huh We want you to be happy. You're our customer. You're the most important thing. Okay?
Wow. You know I was thinking about changing internet providers, but but that- that really is enough to change my mind.
Great. Well, that makes me very happy. That makes us all happy here at D.S.L. Extreme. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I'm just gonna go have a fantastic day now.
All right. You have a wonderful day. Call us anytime.
Okay. Thanks.
All right. Bye, bye.
Why did he invite her here?
Oh, God, line.
Why does that bother you?
She's been in New York three and a half years. Why, all of a sudden--
Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
What do you mean? He grew up next door to the girl all his life. Why shouldn't he want to -- why shouldn't he want to see her again?
He's not going to marry her.
How do you know he's even thinking about it?
It's got that about it.
Well so what?
What's going on here, Joe?
Line.
Now listen, kid. Now, listen.
She's not his girl, Joe. She knows she's not.
Then why is she still single? New York is full of men. Why hasn't she married? Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she's waited.
Because she knows what I know, that's why. She's faithful as a rock. In my worst moments, I think of her waiting and I know, again, that I'm right.
Look, it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?
Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe. Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.
What do you want me to do? What do you want? F: I want--
I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you. Don't think I haven't noticed you since he invited her here. I won't stand for any nonsense.
But, Kate--
Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.
Laugh. Laugh at me. But why did that happen the very night that she came here?
She goes to sleep in his bed and his memorial breaks in pieces. Look. Look at it. Joe--
Calm yourself.
Believe with me, Joe. I can't stand all alone
Calm yourself.
Alright, alright. Calm yourself.
You, above all, have got to believe. You.
Why me above all?
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
Why did he invite her here?
Why does that bother you?
Well she's been away for three and a half years in New York and suddenly she just shows up.
Well maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.
uh-uh What do you mean? They grew up next to each other their entire lives. Why shouldn't he want to see her?
Hey don't look at me like that. I don't know anymore than you.
Who said he even thought about that?
Well, so what?
Now listen kid...
No. She's not his girl Joe and she knows that.
How do you know why she's waited? Hmmm?
I mean, her faith is stronger than a rock.
My worst times I think about her, you know, and I
it's like I know as long as she's waiting I'm right again.
Look at how nice the day is. What are we arguing for?
No. Nobody in my house better dare and challenge her faith. You know and maybe strangers but not his father, not his brother.
What do you want me to do? What do you want?
But Kate...
Laugh, laugh at me but I will. Because you know what happened when she came here? When she came back she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Joe, look. Look at it. You got to believe with me.
Okay. Calm yourself. Just calm yourself.
Look, it was just last week that Detroit, some boy came back he had been away longer than Larry, you can read it for yourself. You above all people have got to believe.
Alright, alright, calm yourself okay? Calm yourself. Wait, wait. What do you mean, me above all?
Wait, what does that mean? Me above all?
Look at you, you're shaking.
I can't help it.
What do I got to hide? Huh? What the hell's the matter with you Kate?
Hey, Isabella.
I'm all right.
Uh-, So I got some good news.
You're not pregnant or anything.
I know you've been trying to have a baby, right?
I have some better news than that.
Yes, What would you want more than anything in this world?
Which one?
I got--U.S.C.. I got- Yeah, I got the acceptance letter.
Yes, me, I got in. Thank you very much.
Good for you.
Yeah, I know, my mom called me. I was with my girlfriend in Boston, and uh- she got the letter and she called me, she said I don't know, do you want me to open it? And I was like yes, open it. And she opened it and she goes oh, I'm sorry, Nat.
And my mom was like Natalie, Natalie, it's [GARBAGE], you know-
oh yeah.
and so, I mean, I got in.
Oh, Jesus. That is so amazing.
So now I can stay here and now we can party. I know.
Party. You want to get drunk tonight?
Yeah, why not.
Yeah, we're going to celebrate.
We're not twenty one yet, but whatever.
[LAUGHTER]. I'm so excited, Joe. Oh, man, I-- And I got in--I got into the school of theatre, so it's like-
Yeah. It's really cool.
Top five in the nation.
Who-whooooo. Miss Acti- Acting Pants.
Acting Pants? So what are you going to do? Are you--you're be--you're going to stay here, right?
I got into film school at the Art Academy.
Awesome. We're both going to be in L.A.
So I'm going to be--yeah. I'm going to make films; you're going to be in them.
I'm so excited. Yeah, I thought I was going to go to Boston, but then--
Fuck Boston.
Oh man, I'm so excited. So much to do.
I'm just so excited to start my life.
We should uh- go to Little Ethiopia.
Oh, and you sit down and you have the sponge bread-- --and eat the--drink the beer. Ugh, I love that stuff. I'm so excited.
Are you going to come stay in my dorm with me sometime?
Hell, yeah. Pass out.
Yeah. I'll get like one of those little--
Yeah. Those little-- --mattresses. I'll put it by my bed.
-drunk.
No, I'll sleep in your bed. Cuddle up.
Uh-oh.
That's going to--that'll be reserved for somebody else.
[LAUGHTER] Hello? I am not.
Yeah.
Well, get used to it.
[LAUGHTER]. No, you'd get used to it.
Hey, I'm already getting used to it.
[LAUGHTER]. Oh, Joe, I'm so happy.
Me too, Isabella.
Uh, God. I don't know what to do anymore. Like I said --
I don't know. There's nothing for me out there. I can't get a job. I haven't gotten a job in a year, three years. What is it, three years now; right? That I haven't been able to have a job.
Really? It's been that long?
Something like that. I can't even remember anymore. I don't know what to do anymore. I just get out there everyday -- well, not everyday, almost everyday.
Wow.
And try to do something. I mean-
What have you been trying?
Well, everything. I'll do temping, you know, office work. You know, whatever to pay the bills. You know, I'll do anything.
But, I mean, I don't want to keep those jobs. I don't want those jobs.It's not what I want to do.
Right.
But, I don't know. God, what am I going to do? Should I go back to school? I can't- I can't afford to go back to school.
What do you do?
Well, I mean, right now I'm just doing a little bit of everything. And I don't- I don't think that I'm in like a profession, like career oriented place.
You plan on being there forever? I mean, Like, what do you --
No. I'm just working in restaurants and stuff. But, I'm also trying to audition and what not. So, it's --
yeah.
right.
Yeah, yeah. Well, hello. That's what I'm doing too. But I can't get the restaurant job. I can't get -- -- the restaurant gig. No one will give me anything.
Really?
I go in for these interviews, and they're all cool and everything, you know. Their nice and I'm nice to them, you know, give and take, back and forth, and whatever.
But they always go with somebody else.
L.A. is really hard. I mean, have you tried like just going into a bar a couple of times to make friends with people who work there? and
Yeah, absolutely. Hello? You know me. I go to bars all the time. Like, they all know me, you know. But no one wants to hire me.
but Maybe they don't want to hire me because they know me. I don't know, what's wrong with me, Is there something wrong with me?
I was just going to say that's your issue. Maybe you are going in too much. No, I mean, just
are you going into the bars every night?
I mean, You can tell me what. Why is no one hiring me? Is it me? Be honest. You can tell me. you know I can take it. I can take it, you just tell me. Why?
Well, I don't really know. I don't I don't know you in like a job situation, so.
Yeah, but I'm -- okay, well how about personality wise? I mean, people who know me won't hire me. Why?
Wow. I don't -- I mean, do you- do you have an attitude problem when you're on the job?
Maybe [garbage].
Right. Maybe you have, like, you know a little bit of an abrasive vibe or something.
An abrasive vibe?
I don't know. I'm I'm just trying --
Let me know that's -- that's fine. You think I have an abrasive vibe, whatever. You're entitled to your opinion, of course. Maybe that's why I don't have a job.
Are you getting defensive?
Yeah. That might be something you want to look at. I mean --
I'm not like this all the time. I mean, I don't -- I'm just frustrated right now, all right. I just want to do --
Okay.
I want to make some money. I need to make some money. I've got to pay some bills, I owe people money. I owe lots of people money. I need to make some money.
I understand.
Yeah, it's stressful. I recognize that.
Do you have any idea how I can make money? I mean, what can I do to make some quick money, something? Anything, that's relatively within the you know law.
ah.
Not- Not selling pot, right?
Right, probably not selling pot. I don't want to go to jail.
Okay so.
Fair enough.
Because that would just really be a topper for me.
Thank you. Ha ha.
Sorry. So, let's see. What else? What's available? What? Um. Hmm.
See what I mean? You can't even think of anything.
Well, not off the top of head. It will just take you know take a minute. But do you have any, like, special skills?
I can juggle.
Well, maybe we can find you something with juggling.
I've tried.
Have you checked out Craig's List and stuff?
Yes! Nobody wants a juggler. I am not going to -- I'm not going to dress up like a clown. I'm not going to dress up like a freaking clown. No.
What if you do kids parties? oh, come on.
No, it's demeaning. I am not a clown. I have talent. Clowns don't have talent.
Okay. All right.
It's that simple.
Okay. Well, fine. we won't- I won't argue with you about that.
yeah.
What else? I can't -- uh. I'm drawing a blank here.
You and me both.
That's rough. I'm really sorry, Ryan.
Well, um, is that kinda like the side of you that you let people see when you go into these job interviews?
No, I just showed that for you [garbage].
Okay. Well, that's good. Yeah, I mean, you're you're- when you're happy you're a pretty personable guy. And I don't --I don't
I like to think so.
I can't see where the issue would be. so
see.
Yeah, well thanks for your help.
I'll need it.
Hey, a what's up?
Um, Johnny died yesterday.
Wow, that's horrible.
I'm sorry to hear about that.
We knew that it was coming, but--
Yeah.
It seemed like he had a little bit longer. Like just last week, he was doing was so well.
I mean, you know, at least he's not in anymore pain now, right?
Yeah.
It's good, you know. you know It hurts I know. I know what it's like to lose someone like that.
I just don't want him to be gone.
It's okay.
'Cause, you know, you've got all the times that you guys did spend together, you know and that's something good that you can look back on.
I mean--I don't know.
And his whole family was there.
I mean, he was like really conscious right up until the end. you know
Well, that's that's good, you know. At least, I don't know. I mean it's- it's better to go- to goout that way than...
.than you know, in pain and like this gradual, this horrible process. I mean--
He was so young, you know. And all the stories he used to tell me about...
...the way he wanted to live and he was gonna go to Africa and he was gonna--
But look at the--he--look at the life he did get to lead. I mean, for his age, he'd done so much and--
Nobody's ever gonna forget him.
Yeah, exactly. He's made a big impact on a lot of people. and
And you'll always have that and--you should feel, you know, happy for him that he got to do so much before--I mean, and even after he found out last year. I mean--
He did a lot. But--
I know. It doesn't bring him back, but--
But It's okay because now, you know, you'll just go on with your life and--
I'm gonna forget him.
No, you'll never forget him.
I won't be able to hear his voice or his--
I know. but you're not I mean you're not going to forget him. The pain will go away eventually and--or it will subside--
You start to lose like that image after a while.
That will be, It'll be--it'll be better that way. I mean Time will tell. Time heals, you know, and it's good. It's okay. I mean, it wasn't anybody's fault or anything like that so .
It's hard to lose someone that way, but he's he's better--he's better off now.
Thanks.
Hi. Um-
Hi, can I help you?
It seems that uh- my-my bag didn't make it out on the carousel.
Oh, did you check? Did you make sure as it went around the second time that it-
Yes, yes, it's gone around like you know twenty times. It's been about a half hour.
Okay. Well, um- the f.
Actually I'm looking here at the information, the flight that you were on we had some trouble with some of the baggage, it looks like a few peoples' bags didn't make it through. Um, so-
Okay. So what-what do I have to get you know
Well, you can fill out this paperwork um- and if for some reason it shows up, we can bring it to you, but-
Well, sometimes it's just late baggage or misplaced baggage and it comes out but it seems to be here and just I'm reading off of this that
Uh- it didn't make it into the second plane so it looks like there - they don't actually know what happened to it.
Um, well, sometimes there is just difficulties with loading on to the plane. Uh- There can be a theft or uh- some sort of you know mishap with a cart or something.
I really - I really need that bag.
I- I- I understand, but um.
Okay
I mean -- I've been away for a while and- and now I've- I've gifts for- for you know friends and family I mean, I got stuff in the there
Right.
I understand that. Um- So I'm going to put down here that you looking for your baggage, but we actually can't, uh this bag is likely not going to show up so what we're going to do-
Not going to show - well isn't like - wouldn't it just be at the airport, that, like, if it didn't get on the other plane
can they check there?
Sometimes it gets stolen, sometimes it gets misplaced on another plane and
they - they, it gets shipped to somewhere else and then it's stuck somewhere and then we have no way of tracking that.
So we'll- what we'll do
But we have the tags on. I mean like it wouldn't you know, if it got stuck somewhere it's like well this is nobodies bag I mean maybe you know look on the tag and
see where it came from originally. I mean it seems like-
Right. Like I said sometimes a theft and things happen like that but we are willing to reim-reimburse you.
Um, so.
Theft? Don't you know like all these people that are work - you keep like an eye on them, how can they get away with-
We have very tight security but we -uh- there are times when we just can't uh make sure there aren't absolutely no human error, you know
I'm sorry there is no guarantee on baggage.
This is unbelievable. I've got
you don't realize the stuff that I've got in that - I really need to get the suitcase okay
I understand, so-
so if it's back there or something, if there is something you can do
I need you to tell me because I really need to get the bag, okay?
all right, We've already checked back here for your baggage
and we will continue to look for it and because your paper-
You've already checked? Can you check again? [garbage]
I've already looked, thank you very much and because we've filled out paperwork if it shows up we will send it to you but otherwise what we can do is reimburse you for fifty dollar.
Well, it's- it's just sort of help with the fact uh that you lost some of your possessions and we rather do that than-
Uh huh, yea, lost some of my possessions, yes, so if I lost maybe a shoe that was in the suitcase and like a carry-on
that might be like fifty dollars okay, but this - I- [garbage] I had like thousands of dollars worth of stuff in that suitcase.
The airline can't afford to give you everything that is in that suitcase. and so-
The a- what? Talking about a core they can't afford it? I mean-
Well because lots of people get their baggage lost and we don't want to have false claims or anything like that so we have
we can give you fifty dollar to sort of make up for it, to compensate, and we can definitely let you know if it shows up but likely, more than likely-
I mean you're not helping me here. What do I have to do here? Do I need to sue the airline company is that what I should do
because this is ridiculous?
I don't believe you should sue the airline company but we do have a policy uh- in which we can reimburse you and that's all we can do and I'm sorry I've done everything I can-
All right. I'm sick- I'm sick of this all right. I'm sick of you and keep your fifty dollar.
There's other people waiting-
I don't want you to go.
I know, I know. I don't want to go either baby. I love you know. And I'm going to miss you a lot.
I'm going to miss you too; I don't know what I'm going to do here without you. It's going to be so lonely, and so hard. M: It'll be alright.
I don't want to be a single mom.
You won't be. I'll be back; I'll be back before you know it. All right, and
but
and
It's dangerous; I mean how can you make sure that you'll M: it'll- it'll
It's- It's dangerous anywhere, honey. I mean this is -this- I'm just going to go and we'll get it over with,
I hope so.
I hope so.
It's going to be really rough.
You gotta take care of our baby for me, alright? F: Without you
I'll send you lots of pictures.
I hope so, because I'm not going to be able to survive without all that. I don't know what I'm going to do.
I've never been - I've never been away from you for two weeks let alone a year.
Well, just promise me that you going to be safe.
I mean can't they put you in like, you know kitchen work or something where you won't get
It doesn't make any sense; I don't know why we have to be at war in the first place.
there's people that thought it was the right thing to do so now we have to- we have to do what we have to do for our country
and it'll work out you know, go there and do that. Yeah, I'll be back
Will you write me letters, paper ones?
Our baby needs a dad; you can't leave. Okay, you can't disappear.
Our baby has a dad, alright. Daddy is going to be back soon.
I want you to, you know, take lots of video; pictures and I can see you when I get back or while I'm there. I'm going to miss you.
I'll miss you too.
Can I help you?
Oh, this- this form that you have is the wrong form. You need to go over to the other line on the other side of the D.M.V..
Right, but this is the wrong form. Somebody gave you the wrong form.
Yeah. So, I can't -- I can't do anything-
No, but this is for um- replacements and you need a new -- whole new license as a California --
What's the difference? What's the difference between that form and this form?
Sir, don't get an attitude with me.
I'm not getting a -- well, you wait in this line and not get an attitude.
No, I understand and there are a lot of people here. But what I'm telling you is that it's different for different states and since your getting a new license in the state of California -- You have to fill out a different form than you did.
Well then, when I showed them my I.D. before and I said I had to get a new I.D, why didn't they tell me to fill out the right form?
I don't know. I don't know who told you. It wasn't me.
Well, it was this girl standing right next to you. Can we ask her why she didn't let me fill out the right form?
You- You can ask her if you want, but she's busy and she probably won't answer you.
I know.
Sir, you- I mean
Do you know how long it's gonna take me to start all over and fill out the new form?
You can waist as much as you want
Yeah. I know it's gonna take a minute. But you-- so you might as well get started now.
Might as well get started now? but Just take this one.
I can't take this one, sir. this is the wrong form.
Why can't we just -- you know what? How about if we just pretend that I'm getting a -- renewing my California I.D. and we just don't tell anybody -- That I'm getting a new one from a different state?
Sir, please don't waste my time.
There is nothing I can do about it. You need to take this other form and fill it out and go stand in the other line.
Come on! You know -- you can't just take -- make a little exception to the rule? I know that you guys make exceptions. I see -- you know, if I was-if I was your friend and you knew me, or something like that, you'd probably make a little exception for me wouldn't you?
They're different forms, we process them all different-
Wouldn't you? Oh, come on. you just tell me. You would make an exception for me.
I -- there's no way I'd make an exception.
Sir, don't patronize me. I can't make an exception. I don't- I don't have the power to do that. It's a different form.
Shh...I know you've got the power to do that.
They're processed differently.
That's crap- You're crap. I don't buy it.
Sir, you're gonna have to go stand in the other line.
I'm not leaving this line until I get my new I.D. That's as simple as it is. I'm not leaving this line until I get my new I.D.
I'm gonna- I'm gonna bring security over and have them escort you out.
Well, then you're just gonna look stupid because I'm just waiting for an I.D. and you're gonna make security take me out because I want my I.D.
That's just dumb.
But you filled out the wrong form and you're in the wrong line and you're wasting both of our times.
I filled out the wrong form because they made me fill out the wrong form!
Well, that's unfortunate, sir. You're gonna have to go stand in the other line now.
This is crap. You know, I don't even know why I'm in this state. Screw California. I'm out of here.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah. Wow.
We're all going to miss him.
Mmm hmm. I never knew it was going to be this hard, you know.
It's weird 'cause it's like you expected it to happen and eventually-
he had cancer, you know?
They thought he got--would get better and he did, and then it just- things turned bad.
Turned around for the worst, you know.
I didn't know him, Tricia, but uh- I heard that he was a great man.
He was amazing.
I loved that boy.
We did everything together, you know.
It's weird, I think. I feel so alone, you know? What am I going to do now? Now that he's gone.
He's so young. It seems so--
so wrong in so many ways.
His poor parents. You know, it's their only son.
yeah.
Kind of a whole year. I mean, he suffered with this, this monster, this thing, this disease.
He was in chemo the whole time, right?
And he just got that baseball scholarship.
I know. He was, he had so much going for him.
So handsome, so young, so gifted.
So talented.
Such a sweet person, you know?
How's his parents doing?
Not very good.
Can you imagine, though, you know, as a parent, just losing a kid? Twenty-two years old. M: Jesus
It's weird, I kind of feel like part of me is gone now, you know?
Because this other half was just kind of like ripped away.
You guys were pretty close, weren't you?
He was like, he was like my brother, you know.
He was my brother.
Just seems so unfair, is the way it is.
You know, he had that really pretty girlfriend for like about a year and-
What was her name?
Kelly. Kelly Uveny.
They talked about getting married and--
Trying to have a baby.
Yeah. But then when he got cancer and it got bad, you know, she just took off and-
so I was there for him.
Some people.
Yeah, but you were there all the hospital days. By his bed-
Yeah. God, I loved that kid.
So nice, so positive.
yeah.
We need more people like him.
Joe, do you think he knew I loved him?
I don't know.
I never told him, I love you, but-
I loved him so much.
I don't know if Benny was smart like that- but-
I'm sure he loved you too. He just didn't know it.
[BREATHING]
Do you think it's them?
We're all right, aren't we darling? Whatever happens.
Then I don't care.
things that should matter dreadfully don't seem to matter at all when one's happy, do they?
Don't laugh at me. I'm serious.
[LAUGHTER]. You mustn't be serious, my dear one, that's what they want.
Ooh, certainly you must. We're figures of fun, all right.
Oh dear, well, shall we want that?
Well, what if happens if one of us is to die? Does the one that's left still laugh?
Let's blow strumpets, blow-blow trumpets and squeakers and party as much as we can like small quite idiotic school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment. Come, kiss me darling, before worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
Thank you, dear. The same applies to you. Except that if I ever so much as catch you looking at another woman I'll kill you.
Remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
Oh Charles. That was his name. Charles. He did wiggle so beautifully.
yeah. And that was the first time you ever hit me.
That was a rouser, wasn't it?
The manager came in and found us rolling on the floor and biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER]
I know. Oh man. Couldn't believe it.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
You let him kiss you. You said you did.
What of it?
What of it?
What about me?
That's a nice point of view, I must say.
Oh, dear. I'm bored with this conversation.
No thanks.
I'll have some myself, I think.
You can hardly call three liquor glasses in the whole evening going on and on and on.
It's become a habit with you.
Oh, don't be so stupid.
Really, Amanda.
What?
Nothing.
Going somewhere, my dear?
Just making myself fascinating for you.
The woman's job is to allure the man. Watch me a minute will you.
Oh, no it isn't
It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
Snap, snap, snap like a little adder.
Adders don't snap they sting.
They sting.
I don't care, okay. Do you understand? I don't care. I don't mind if they bark and roll about like hoops.
Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
Yes, I did quite a lot.
Mind your own business.
You're quite insufferable. I expect it's because you're drunk.
I'm not in the least drunk.
You always had a weak head.
I think I mentioned once before that I had three minute liquor glasses of brandy the whole evening long. A child of two couldn't get drunk on that.
On, the contrary. A child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
Oh, shut up.
Not very funny, dear. You'd better have some more brandy.
Very good idea. I will.
Why?
There is no one upstairs. It's a photographer's studio.
There are people downstairs I suppose.
This is no time of year for Tunis.
Very well if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
You're far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
Go away, go away. I hate you.
Amanda, listen.
Listen? Listen indeed. I'm sick and tired of listening to you. You damn sadistic bully.
Stop.
Very amusing.
Stop, stop. I hate you. Do you hear? You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
You're a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast. And I hope I never see you again as long as I live.
This is the end do you understand? The end,
You're not going like this.
finally and forever
Oh, I am. Let go of me.
You're not.
Oh, I hate you. It's a good thing that I found out in time what you're really like. Marry you again? Never, never, never.
Shut up. Shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on your bended knees.
You're a mean, evil minded, little tempered witch. I hope to God I never set eyes on you again as long as I live. Whore.
I'd rather die in torment. Beast. Brute. Calf swine.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
I remember it well. Bristling with diamonds. In the worst possible taste.
Just a little perhaps, but it was nothing serious.
You let him kiss you. You said so.
What about me?
That's a nice point of view, I must say.
Well, it's true.
Are you bored with this conversation?
So am I. Bored stiff. Want some brandy?
I'll have a little, I think.
No particular reason. Anyhow, they were very small ones.
It's become a habit with you.
You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want some yourself at the moment.
Don't be so stupid.
Really, Amanda.
What?
Nothing.
Going somewhere, dear?
It's a woman's job to allure the man. Watch me, won't you, a minute?
No, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
Adders don't snap, they sting.
They sting.
They snap.
I don't care. I don't care, do you understand? I don't care if they bark, if they roll over on the floor like hoops.
did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
I imagine that you let him kiss you quite a bit more then, didn't you?
Mind your business.
You had a riotous-must have had a riotous time. No restraint at all. Very enjoyable. You never had much anyhow.
You are quite insufferable. I suppose it's because you're drunk.
I'm not in the least bit drunk.
You've always had a weak head.
Okay. As I mentioned before, I said I had three very minute liquor glasses. That's hardly enough to get a child of two drunk.
Do shut up. Shut up.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
Well, I suppose the people downstairs then.
This is no time of the year for Tunis.
Turn it on.
Turn it off.
I will not. Go away. Go away. I hate you.
Oh, very amusing, indeed. Amanda, listen-
Listen, indeed. No, no, no, no. I am sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
Very amusing indeed.
Stop it, stop it, I hate you, I loath you, you are overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.
You know, you're a vile, ill-tempered, wicked little beast and I hope that I never see you again as long as I live.
This is the end. Do you hear? The end. Now and forever.
No, you're not going out like this. No you're not.
Oh, yes I am.
Yes I am. Let go of me. I hate you and I loath you. God, I can't believe I just finally realized how you are. I am never marry you. Never. Never, never, never. I would rather die in torment.
Oh, shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
I wouldn't marry you again if you came back crawling to me on your hands and knees because you're vile. You're a mean, evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never set eyes on you again.
Beast or brute cad, swine beast beast brute.
It's almost time for me to go.
There's nothing I can do. I mean, the government you know--
What--what're we gonna do here? I can't--I can't do this by myself. I--
You're gonna have to. I mean, you're a great father. You can do it. I know you can.
But, I'm--I'm nothing--I'm nothing without you here. Maybe we can--we can get out of this somehow.
I don't think so.
Well, come on. You've gotta think of something. A year--a year away, it's gonna tear us apart. I don't even--I don't even wanna think about it. I mean, I don't even know if I'll be able to get in touch with you or--
Well, we can do the best we can and-and, with um, you know like wireless internet these days--I think that we could-- Talk every once in awhile. M: It's not...
You could send me pictures.
What if--maybe--what if, uh, we went somewhere over there? I don't--I don't know--I--I need to figure something out for this because--
Their not gonna let you. You have to stay home and I have to go. I mean, that's all--
and--I mean, my daughter--I don't want to put her in danger. You know? She has to stay.
This is gonna be a--a crucial yet--she's--she's growing up. She's gonna need you.
I know, but, she needs to be safe more. She needs to be around kids her age--own age. She needs to be able to play on the streets and--
But she's--you're not gonna--you're not gonna be here for--for her first words. For her first steps. I mean--it's something that you're supposed to be here for that--
You can just remember it for me.
I don't know--I don't know--I don't know how--I don't know how this could even be possible for you--I--if I was--
Well, I need--I need you to be able to do this for me 'cause I can't do anything about it.
I mean, it's just as hard for me, but--I know that we can do it, you know
I mean, you just get to--go off and do your thing. I mean, yeah, we're both--I don't know--it's bad for both of us, but--
...it would be so much better if we can--if we could stay together somehow. You know--we could--we could do this together.
I don't want you in danger. And I don't want her in danger.
I have no choice. There's nothing I can do. M: Well--I mean--
All right.
I'm sorry, Joy.
Is there anything I can get you? Do you want me to take care of anything for you or...?
...pick up anything?
No.
You know you are welcome to stay at my house if you want to just check out for a couple days and hang out.
That's sweet.
Thank you.
I went to see her headstone a week or two ago.
I used to go to cemeteries a lot before she died. I just, you know, I felt like they were urban oasis, you know, there is always this green in the city.
Hmm.
So I was like wandering around before. It takes forever to find her headstone; I always lose it. You know.
So I was looking at this other one and there was like a piece of candy there and I thought that I would take the candy and put it on her headstone. And- F:Umm.
this woman came up and, you know, it was hers. It was her person that was there.
Oh. She was there?
Yeah. And she was like, that's pathetic, I hope you enjoy it.
And I, you know, I mean, I said I was sorry and I brought it back to her kind of and I like put it on the ground and she was like, no, it's fine. She was like, I would rather have her back, honestly.
Mmhmm.
I don't know. It just, like, I felt so bad because I shouldn't have done it. I don't know. Whatever.
Yeah.
I don't know.
How long were you there for?
At the cemetery?
Mmhmm.
couple hours.
I brought- I brought Chuck with me. He went to Redlands, yeah, for the day. We ran through the sprinklers.
Oh really?
You ran through the sprinklers in the cemetery?
Is it a big cemetery?
Yeah. It's huge. Redlands is an old city so they have lots and lots of stones.
Oh, so they're like really old too, really old ones?
Yeah.
It's weird. Whenever I go back to town, I think of her. I mean, it's like ... I mean we grew up together and she died when we were twenty one. And yeah. She had cancer, she had two brain tumors.
My best friend Heather. She's got a- we have a- we built this like little-- There's a park, Prospect Park. And there is like a garden section of it that we set up for her.
She used to have these poetry parties on Memorial Day.
Mmhmm.
Umm. Yeah.
And the last time before she died, I remember she couldn't really stand, umm...
But I mean she could, but it was- so it was kind of sitting at her feet holding her up and she had these poems she had memorized. And I remember looking up, she had curly red hair and there was this palm tree right behind her and it was like a crown growing right out of her head. It was cool.
Mmhmm.
Some, I guess. She memorized this one, John Dunn, it's called, Death Be Not Proud. and- F:Mmhmm.
So she wrote a lot of poetry?
There's another one, I can't remember.
I remember, too, when we were-- she died at U.C.L.A. She had brain surgery and there was not much hope to begin with, but I gave blood for her surgery, her mom and I before, so we dropped her off in the waiting room and then we were giving blood and came back. And she, in her wheelchair, like can hardly do anything, reciting her poetry for these people like in the waiting room. All she needs is a God damn audience. You know?
Oh, you're never going to believe it.
What? What? You look really happy what's going on?
Well, I finally did it
Finally did what?
Oh, my Gosh. Well, and did M: God.
Did she say yes?
Yes, she said yes. [LAUGHTER] I know
That's like the most definitive.
I would have thought you would have told me that you were planning on doing this.
Yea, I guess so. Oh, my Gosh. Was she surprised?
Yes, yes. You know, she - she was like - I mean, she was happy, you know
I - I think it was about time, I don't know, maybe. You know what, it's been it's been long enough now.
Oh, well, it was -- you know, we were at this- at this concert and yeah
so I-I talked to some of the crew before hand and-
Oh, You did not.
I-I did.
Oh, my Gosh. that's so cute
That's so romantic. Oh, my Gosh. She must have died. That's like one of those things you write into a magazine about like my boyfriend did this. Oh my God.
I know, so
I got to freak her out.
No, yes -- so
She must have flipped out.
Yea, that way she was guaranteed that she could not say no.
Right exactly because you can't say no in front of thousands of people. [LAUGHTER]
No, but it was good.
Did you bring her up on stage too?
Yes, yes. [LAUGHTER]
Oh, my Gosh, that's so cute.
I know it was, I don't know I was really nervous but I'm really - I'm really glad.
Are your parents excited or...?
Oh yes, they - they you know they love her and so I mean...
Ooh, that would be fun.
Yea, yea, I'm not too sure where yet I guess you know, I kind of got to figure some stuff out here first
Oh my Gosh. I cannot believe you're getting married, that is so cool.
I know.
Golly, it just makes me all like romantic inside, like I really want that to happen to me. [LAUGHTER]
Oh, it will, obviously you know. But I know it's something - I don't know, you never really think about it happening, like before hand. F: That's so fun. Oh my gosh.
Sure. Oh, yes. F: Good. F: Good, good, good, good.
Yes, well, Thanks, thanks. Thank you. yeah
Yay, well congratulations, that's so cool. [BREATHING] I can't wait.
Hah.
I'm just so tired all the time.
Well have you been trying to get a job, look for a job or...?
I've been looking for like eight months.
I know. It- It's really tough out there. It's really hard to find a job.
I'm tired of the same excuses. No, no you're not qualified enough, wish you had more education.
Well what are you looking for? I mean--
Well, okay. Well that's--
Cause I went to Harvard.
I applied as restaurant manager at P.F. Chang. I applied at----Macy's store manager. Tried to get investment banking job with Deloitte and Touche. I'm trying everywhere.
You know what? I've been working at temp jobs for the past six months. You know how degrading it is?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm smarter than half the people I work for.
I don't know astronaut? I don't know something crazy like that.
Well what'd you major in?
Biomedical Engineering.
I don't want to do engineering though. It's so...I had the internship what, last summer,
and I was pulling my hair out and it was like, oh my God. So I just had to finish the major so now they're like, why are you an engineering major, and why are you working, trying to work at a restaurant. And it's like I don't know just give me the damn job.
Why all these questions?
Oh yeah? What kind of jobs they got?
I am...just like a law clerk.
Well, I'm moving up. I mean it could be...
To be a lawyer? You go to law school now? God this is, all these dead ends.
And plus my car is breaking down-
-they're evicting me from my apartment.
No. I'm not going to...yeah, they'd laugh in my face.
No. I got a sixteen hundred on my S.A.T..
I'm freaking----typing sixty words a minute.
Sixty words. Sixty words a minute. Hey how are you doing Mr. Smith? Oh, you know, it's just like God, I just want to shoot you Mr. Smith.
Yeah. It's alright. But--
I'm not cut to be a receptionist.
No.
Oh yeah. I will be a full time receptionist. Harvard degree, sixteen hundred on my S.A.T.--
Well... If you need something, I mean, you're just going to---can get a temporary thing right now and then look for something--
--you know? Head of the Science Club.
That's what I've been doing, temporary things
Oh I know. But--
-it's going to get better I promise you. You just got to hang in there. Everyone, I mean, you know?
Maybe I'll just kill myself.
I was just joking...
Yeah. I--they said Brian you're too smart. You don't need us.
Go out and take over the world by yourself and I'm like what?
Well obviously it's not working. Just cause you got sixteen hundred on your S.A.T. doesn't guarantee you a job. I mean it should really but--
I don't know. I don't know. I know I'm just going to have to keep on looking, keep on searching-
and I'm never going to find anything probably but I'll just keep working hard at it-- Yeah. Okay. Positive, I'm going to do good, find that job.
You got to be positive man. You got to try to just--
But you got to be real about it. You have to...
Yeah. I got eighteen hundred on my S.A.T..
Sixteen hundred.
Same difference.
Twenty-one hundred?
But I'm doomed. Yeah I got so good I was over twenty one hundred. Now what am I doing?
Like, wow you're really smart we're going to give you an extra [GARBAGE].
Yeah, hi. Um, look, I -- all I'm trying to do right now is renew my license plate. That's all. I just need to get one of those little stickers.
Okay. What's the problem?
And I've- I've- some lady -- I got in line. I waited for about two hours um, and, I gave her this form
that she gave to me earlier. And she said oh, I gave you the wrong one by accident. So I was hoping I could just fill out a new one, give it to you and sort of skip this whole line business. F: Uhuh.
Okay, um. Do you have your photo ID with you?
Yes, I do.
Okay. This is the wrong form. I'm sorry.
This is -- okay, then just can I have the form that I need.
I don't have the form. You're going to have to go get in that line over there and they will give you the right form. And after you fill it out, you can bring it back to me.
Don't you -- you don't have-
are you telling me you don't have a stack of them behind the desk?
I don't have any of
I don't have any of them over here. You're gonna have to go get in that line over there. And they will give you a copy of the form.
But you're -- it's the same -- I mean, you can -- like I can't go behind your desk--
Nope, I don't. I don't have-
or I can't go behind there- you can go behind this person's desk and just grab the form. So if you could just do that; that would help me out a lot.
No, I can't. That's-
I'm sorry. You have to do things the way you have to do things here. We have rules.
Look, can you please just-- --make this -- look, I look--
Go get in that-- Sir-- Sir, there are people in line behind you. you need
look-- It's been- it's been two hours. Can you please just make this easier on me and just go and get the form? It's not- it's really not
I'm sorry. I'm sorry you're having a hard time,
but you're gonna have to go get in that line to
What if I pay you money?
Can I pay you money? Can I give you, like, twenty bucks and you'll go back there and get the form?
twenty bucks? Please. Go get in that line over there. M: Yeah.
Come on. Will you please? I just --I look, I cannot-- --just if I --
Look, I'm having a really bad day. I'm off in twenty minutes and I just really don't need this right now, okay.
I don't care, well- You're having a bad -- I just waited in line for two hours.
And you're gonna have to go wait again, because that's the line you need. F: Sir, you can either go--
I can't do that. It's against our rules. You can go get in that line over there or you can just go ahead and leave and come back another day. Maybe there will be a shorter line.
That's all I- I just- That's all i want you to-
Rules, you just have to grab a piece of paper behind from somebody's desk
It's not rocket science.
Come -- just, please, just grab the form. It's right over there.
I can't do that.
Why are you being such a bitch?
I'm sorry, but I can't do that.
Please, will you please -- will you please just grab the form?
So go get in the other line or leave. Or I will have you escorted out by security.
Would you like to be kicked out of the D.M.V.? You don't think that'll be a little embarrassing?
Fine, which line is it?
The one you just came from.
Okay, fine. I'll go over there. Thanks, a lot. You've been really helpful.
Yeah. Thank you. Have a pleasant day.
What?
I guess you know this is why I asked you to come.
I guess this is why I came.
Ann, I love you. I love you a great deal. I love you.
I have no imagination that's all I know to tell you.
I'm embarrassing you. I didn't want to tell it to you here. I
Chris, I've been ready a long, long time.
And he's gone forever. You're sure?
You started to write me.
Every day since.
I was waiting for you, Chris. Till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say. I mean you sure can be ambiguous you know.
Give me a kiss, Ann. Give me a-God I kissed you.
I kissed Annie. How long, how long I've been waiting to kiss you.
I'll never forgive you. Why did you wait all these years? All I've done is sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
Annie, we're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
No, nothing like that.
Yes. I suppose I have been but it's going from me.
I don't know where to start.
There's so many things mixed up.
You remember overseas I was in command of a company?
Yeah, sure.
Well I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
It takes a lot of time to toss that off because they weren't just men.
For instance, one time it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.
I put them in my pocket. that's only a little thing but these are the kind of guys I had.
They didn't die. They killed themselves for each other. I mean that exactly. A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
And I got this idea watching them go down. Everything was being destroyed see, but it seemed to me that there was one new thing that was made
a sort of responsibility man for man. You understand me?
And then I came home and it was amazing.
I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow
because nobody was changed at all. It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.
I felt wrong to be alive, to open the new bank book, to drive the new car, to see the new refrigerator.
when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man. You've got to be a little better because of that.
Otherwise what you have is really just loot and there's blood on it. I didn't want to take any of it.
I guess that included you.
Annie, Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.
What'll I do with a fortune?
What's he going to say? Maybe we ought to talk to him before he sees it.
He saw it.
He was out there when it happened.
About four in the morning. I heard a crack and I looked out and he was standing right there when it happened. F: What was he doing--?
I don't know. But after it cracked he ran back into the house and he cried in the kitchen.
Did you talk to him?
No. I figured the best thing to do was leave him alone.
He cried hard?
I could hear it right through the floor.
Starting to dream about him again. He's walking around at night again.
I guess he is.
He's getting just like he did after he died, you know? What, what, what's the meaning of this?
I don't know. But I know one thing mom, we made a terrible mistake with dad.
Being dishonest with him. That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.
You know that Larry's not coming back and I know that too. Why we both go on letting him think that we both believe with him.
No I don't want to argue with him but, it's time that he realizes that nobody believes Larry's coming back anymore.
Why shouldn't he walk around and dream at him at night. Walk around. Why shouldn't he walk around? Why shouldn't he dream of him, walk around at night waiting for him? Do we contradict him? Do we say flat out that we don't have anymore hope?
That we haven't had any hope for years now?
How are you going to prove it? Can you prove it?
Larry's been gone for three years. For god sakes no one comes back after three years. It's insane.
he still thinks he's alive still. I mean you could talk yourself blue in the face and there's no body and there's no grave so where are you?
Listen mom, just, sit down. I want to talk to you.
No. It's his god damned newspapers is what it is. Now every month there's a new boy comes home and Larry's going to be the next one.
Alright. Alright. Alright just listen.
You know why I asked Annie here, right?
Why?
I want to ask her to marry me.
You know it's not just my business.
Well what do you want me to do? I mean, you're old enough to know your own mind.
Okay. So then it's alright. I'll go ahead with it.
Well, I mean, you got to make sure your dad's not going--
Oh see then it's just not my business. God you infuriate me sometimes. Isn't my business too if dad throws a fit? Huh? God you have such a talent for ignoring things.
Well I'm just saying--
She's not Larry's girl.
From your father's point of view he is still alive and if you try and take her that's just not fair. You can't do that.
I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want I have to pull back
And-And-And if you go on from there if you know already to go on from there, then you can. But I'm telling you something that I don't know where to go. You got it? I mean, do you?
My whole entire, bloody life time and time again.
Well to hell with that.
Did you ask Annie yet?
I wanted to get this settled first.
Then I guess that's the end of it.
But from her letters I think she's forgotten him. I'll find out.
And then we'll thrash it out with dad right? Mom, don't avoid me.
Look, you never had seen many, many women. You know? I mean...
Well I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
It's just...that's just the way it is. That's how I feel. You know these years when I think of someone I want to marry I think of Annie. What do you want a diagram?
No I don't want a diagram.
He thinks he's coming back. And you go off and marry that girl and you're just pronouncing him dead and what's going to happen to him? I don't know. Do you? I mean, I don't know. M:  No.
Alright then.
I've given it three years of thought and I thought that if I waited then dad would forget about Larry and then we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.
But if I can't have that here I'll get out.
I'll get out. I'll marry her somewhere else. Maybe New York.
I've been a good son too long. A good sucker and I'm through with it.
You're just going to leave the business? You have a business here. You can't do that.
The business doesn't inspire me.
Yes. I like it an hour out of the day. If I have to grub for money all day long at least at evening I want it beautiful. I want a family. I want a wife. I want some kids. I want to build something I can give myself to.
Now Annie is in the middle of all that. Where do I find it?
Tell me something. You can leave this business?
Yes. On this I would.
Alright but you can't talk like that you hear?
I mean what the hell have we worked for then? I mean, it's all for you Chris. The whole shooting match is for you.
I know. Just you help me stay here.
Alright but you don't talk like that you hear? You don't.
I am thinking like that.
I don't understand you do I?
No you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
Yeah. I can see that.
Hi, um, excuse me, I believe that the airline lost my baggage.
Um, okay, it didn't--didn't come out on the carrousel--
No, it didn't. um It didn't come out and I don't see it anywhere around here, so what can you do about that?
Okay. Um, well, unfortunately yeah there was a some- some problems with the--
Uh, well some-some of the bags were--were lost on the way over here. uh-
You know, I mean, there's a lot of things that go on under the plane and sometimes, you know, that kind of things happen.
Uh, But, we are willing to reimburse you for the bag and and for the contents--
How much?
Um, we'd be willing to give you uh fifty dollars for--
Right. Uh We realize, you know, that that it's a bad situation, but I'm sorry, there's nothing that we can really do.
That's all, that's all, that's all you're going to do is just give me fifty dollars and say go have fun on your vacation without any of your stuff?
I think, um, maybe you can file a claim if you want and turn it in to our main office--
Yes, yes, I would like to file a claim, but what are you gonna--I mean, is it just gonna show up magically out of nowhere?
Right. No. I mean they- they might--they might--if you-if you are argue the case more, maybe they'll reimburse you more, but, right now--
Yes, I know. I know-. It's It's frustrating. Unfortunately though-- um
Because you don't seem to care very much, you know.
By checking your bags, you--you, you know- admit to the liability that's- that's at risk--
I didn't sign anything.
Right, well, by checking in your bags, you agreed to, you know, at the will of the--
You paid for the flight and then your bags were checked at--it's a service that the airline provides for us. So so, really, it's really the risk was taken and, I'm sorry, but there's really nothing else we can do. So do you want--do you want the reimbursement?
[BREATHING] Well, sure, yeah, I guess I'll go buy dinner and then be--have nothing for the rest of my entire vacation. I'm supposed to be here for three weeks. What am I gonna do without anything for three weeks?
Well, there are-there are some shops here in- in the airport--
But fifty dollars isn't going to get me anything.
No, um, like I said you can file a claim and, uh, maybe get reimbursed for more-- you
Isn't there anything else you can do?
probably even talk to--
I mean, is there somebody you can call? Or the guy that put the stuff on the--on the plane. I mean, are they--they must be really irresponsible to have just disappeared my baggage. I mean, did it get stolen?
Right, that--that gets taken care of-- That gets taken care of. We get we do, you know, we investigate those and just make sure that um- they're not doing their own thing with them so--uh F: He needs to look into that--
Yeah, I'm sure you -- You're like, hmm, do you take baggage? No. Oh, okay, thanks. Great. I mean how--
but Unfortunately sometimes is--
Well, that's--that's what I'm saying--
There needs to be better security here.
Okay. Well that that could be something that you put on on the claim--on on the complaint form if you want. And provide us with your information while you're here and then, maybe, if it turns up, then we'll send it right over.
It sounds like it's such a little like oh well no big deal whatever. It's a big deal to me.
All right, Miss, I-I know. I realize this. But Like I said, there are several people that are in your same situation, so, um, it's not--it's not totally uncommon and I'm actually gonna have to ask you to move so I can help the next person.
Well, can I at least have my fifty dollars, please?
Yes, all right. There you go, now you can file a claim over to the left--And they'll help you out.
Thank you very much.
Oh, man, I just -- I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. It's like every job, you know, I go to; every job I apply to,
it's just like nobody- nobody wants to hire me. It's been years, I mean, do you understand, years? Like, I'm -- you know what I mean, it's like I've been collecting unemployment for so long now, it's just like I just -- I can't take it. I don't know what to do. I mean, I'm just like losing my mind.
Well there has to be something you haven't tried.
I-I'm not kidding. I've tried everything. Like I've gone to every business and local, you know,
local business in- in the area and I can't- I can't get anything. Like, nobody -
What about like a temp agency?
Have you gone, like, signed up with a temp agency? Maybe they can help.
there's just like no jobs available. I mean, it's just like, God.
Yeah, I tried that. And there was like, yeah, like I did like one thing once. But, like, that's not -- it doesn't last very long. And it's not enough to live on.
Right, but you have -- I mean, you have to keep on them. You have to keep calling and reminding them that you're still looking and
I mean, you have to be really aggressive about it.
Yeah, I do. I do. You don't understand.
I- You don't understand. I don't have a job. All- My job is to look for a job. I don't do anything else.
But, like, it's been years now and I just can't seem to get anything that really fits. It's just it -- I -- it drives me absolutely insane.
Well, I mean, if it's that bad, maybe you're gonna have to take something that doesn't really fit, you know. Like maybe you'll have to do something else for a while. Find a new field, new skill.
No, no, no, no, no. I can't- I can't do that. I can't, I- because if I'm not- if I'm not- if I'm not doing something that I love, then I can't -- I can't- I mean it's- what's the point?
Well then you're choosing to be unemployed, really.
I'm not choosing. I'm not-
If you're not willing to try and work with it and find something and, you know, I mean, there are things you could do.
No, but I'm try- but like all the things that I-it's like I apply to all these places and none of them
-- I mean, I don't understand. It's like -- I mean, I feel like I'm qualified enough. I just don't understand. Like, I mean, it's just like a matter of circumstance, but it's been three years, you know, three years.
Well maybe, you know, your luck it is just down and the market for your particular field is down and maybe you just need to look into doing something else for a while.
This is stupid.
I mean, I'm not saying that you should, you know--
You know what, this is your fault.
It's your fault 'cause -cause you always told me to- to do this and I did that instead. And I didn't take your advice and - and- but you sort of were like were telling--
It's my fault 'cause you didn't do what I told you to?
Yeah, exactly.
Well that sounds like your fault.
Yeah.
You didn't do what I told you to do.
That's 'cause you always tell me to do the wrong thing. And I thought this time it was -- I was gonna be right by going with the opposite thing. So it's your fault because
-because you were always wrong and-and-and this time you were right. And-and I didn't -- yeah, that's why.
Well, I mean, it makes sense, doesn't it, hmm?
I think maybe you can't get employed because you aren't willing to take responsibility for your own actions.
That's not true. I take responsibility for my own actions.
Really? Whose fault is it you don't have a job?
Yours. I don't--
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know. When it cracked he ran into the house and cried in the kitchen.
No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.
I could hear him right through the floor in my room.
You know that Larry is not coming back and I know it. Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?
What do you want to do, argue with him?
No I don't want to argue with him, but it's about time he realized that nobody believes Larry is alive anymore.
Why -- why shouldn't he dream of him? Walk around, waiting for him at night I mean do we contradict him, do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore that we haven't had hope for years now?
You can't say that to him.
We've got to say it to him.
Can you prove it, how can you prove it?
For God sakes it's been three years, nobody comes back after three years, that's insane.
To you it is and to me. You can talk yourself blue in the face but there is no body and no grave so where are you?
All right. All right. Listen to me.
You know why I brought Annie here don't you? F: Why?
You know.
I got an idea but what's the story?
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
No it's not only my business.
What do you want me to do; you're old enough to know your own mind.
So it's all right then I'll go ahead with it?
Well, you want to make sure that your father isn't-
See it isn't just my business-
I'm just saying
She's not Larry's girl.
From father's point of you he isn't dead and you have no right to take his girl.
You can go on from there if you know where to go but I don't know where to go, see I don't know. So what can I do for you?
I don't know why but every time I reach out for something that I really want, I have to pull back 'cause someone else will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time after time.
You're a considerate fellow. There's nothing wrong with that.
To hell with that.
Have you asked Annie yet?
I wanted to get this settled first.
How do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way your father does.
Well, if she does then that's the end of it. From her letters I think she's forgotten him.
I don't know, I'll find out. Then we'll trash it out with dad, right? Mom, don't avoid me.
Trouble is you don't see enough women, you never did.
So what I'm not fast with women.
I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
That's a good answer but it doesn't answer anything. I mean you haven't seen her since you went away to war it's five years.
I can't help it I know her best. I mean lived next door to her my whole life. These years when I think of a wife, I think of Annie.
I don't want a diagram. He thinks he's coming back. Chris, you marry this girl you're pronouncing him dead.
Do you know what's going to happen to your father because I don't, see?
If I can't do that here well, then I'll have to get out.
What the hell is this?
I'll get out. I'll get married and go live some place else, maybe New York.
What the hell is this, are you crazy?
I've been a good son too long a good sucker, I'm through with it.
What about the business? What is this?
The business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Must you be inspired?
Yes, I like it and hour a day. If I'm going to grub for money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.
Tell me, you'd leave the business?
Yes, on this I would.
Well, you don't want to think like that.
Then help me stay here.
I know I know mom. All right. Just help me stay here.
Just don't go thinking that way.
Well, I am thinking that way.
I don't understand you, do I?
Yea, I can see that.
Brian, I need help.
Babe, I don't know what to tell you. Don't give up.
Well, of course not, but what are you going to do if you move back home? Are you going to be able to find a job there?
I don't know. I mean, what am I supposed to do? I've It's not for lack of effort. I've been trying.
I wish I had some answers for you, babe. I mean-I don't know what to tell you.
How did you get a job? What am I - What am I supposed to do?
I went to school and I got my degree. And I got a job.
I mean, I just don't--I don't know. If you don't have a lot of qualification, where do you - where do you find work? It's like L.A. is so frustrating because if you don't know somebody, you can't -you can't get a job. It's impossible. It's totally discriminatory. You have to know somebody.
Nothing's impossible.
It's not fair.
You have to be willing - You have to be willing to start you know at the bottom and work your way up. and
That's fine. I'd be willing to start anywhere. I can't get a job.
I
I mean, on six seven and five an hour does not - does not pay the bills I mean.
No, it doesn't pay the bills, but it would pay something. And it would help you get somewhere else.
I still can't live on in six seven and five. It's not possible in Los Angeles. Housing is too expensive.
and No, I understand, but you've got to start somewhere. It's better than nothing and that's all you have. You have nothing right now.
I mean I can do the McDonald's thing for a while as humiliating as that is, but I mean then what? I mean You can't exactly move up in that kind of industry.
Wait, You can move up. There's management programs in McDonalds and things like that.
Oh come on, that's not what I envisioned for myself. Honestly, would you settle for being a manager at McDonalds?
[GARBAGE] No, I wouldn't, but I--
This is humiliating.
Well, you know what? Life gets humili... humiliating at times.
No, I don't I don't want to accept that. I think that's bullshit.
Well, what are you going to do about it to make it different?
I don't know. I feel like I've tried everything.
Have you? There's got to be something else.
Three years of going out every day--every day--and looking for a job and being constantly denied everywhere I go.
I don't know what to tell you, babe. Maybe- Maybe you're right. Maybe you do have to go someplace else. I don't know, maybe it's just not meant to be here. I mean I want you to-I don't want you to give up, but I mean I don't want you to move away, but at the same time, I don't like seeing you like this.
I'm just so scared to start over I mean. I put so much time and energy into being here.
Where am I supposed to go? I mean, like what?
If it's rent or something like that, I mean I can help you out a little bit, if- if that will help you you know stick with it.
I don't know. Maybe I can take out a loan. I just- I need prospects and I don't feel like I have any.
Well, just don't give up. And there's- you know, You never know, something might be around the corner tomorrow.
Well, you know I'm not going to let you starve.
I'm just worried.
It's three years.
I understand, but you know what, you've been negative for three years.
It's the way it seems to me. You started complaining about not being able to find a job the first day you went out and didn't find a job. And I'm not saying like and not trying to you know put you down or anything, it's just that-
That's really hard to hear.
But it's true, babe. You've got to be more positive about things. Like- Have some faith in yourself.
I feel like I have faith and now faith is running thin because there is no money.
Well, exactly. Money is not everything.
Brian, I don't think you have a concept of what I mean by- by money. I don't mean money like oh, I can't go get my hair and my nails done today, I mean like I can't eat.
You can.
You know I would never let that happen. I wouldn't let that happen.
I just-- I
You can always stay with me if you- if you have to stay with me for a while and get yourself back up on your feet again. You know I'm not just going to you know just throw you to the wolves or something like that. If there's any way I can help you, I will.
But you have to keep trying. You can't give up.
Yeah, I don't intend to stop trying. I just--I don't when is when enough is enough.
And you've got to think--well, ask yourself why are they not hiring you?
I don't know.
I mean are you going in for interviews?
Yeah, and I look nice and I'm you know--
Are you presenting-
charismatic.
putting your best foot forward? or you
yah, to-totally, and I'm not--
Do they seem to like you? I mean, Can you get any read from them?
Yeah, I always think so, but I- I just feel like it's a lot of lip service everywhere I go.
Have you ever called them back and asked why you didn't get the job?
Yeah, I follow up.
Do they give you any specifics as to why they didn't go with you?
It's just like- it's a matter of-
not tall enough, not pretty enough, not--you know how this place is.
Yeah, I understand. maybe What jobs are we talking about?
I mean, anything.
Like- What's your ideal job? What do you want to do?
Well, I'd like to be a working actor.
Of course.
But um--
Everyone wants to be a working actor, but they all work at something else.
Yeah.
So what's the something else?
Bartending, catering.
You can't get a catering gig? Well, I can call some friends. I- Well, I did call some friends before, but you went in once and then never went back.
Would you be willing to make some more calls on my behalf? I won't--I won't make you look bad.
If I- If you- Will you stick with it?
yeah.
Okay. Okay, I'll call some people.
Thank you.
But you've got to keep looking for other stuff. You've got to do it on your own, too. Okay?
I will, I will.
You know I'll always help you.
All right. Customer service this is Steve.
Hi. Thank you so much, you're a real person, right, you're not like a recording? M: Heh, yeah. No I-
Okay. Before I get into it, um your menu or whatever like where you choose the different thing depending on the-
it leads you around in circles, you can't, there is no way to like get to a real person if you don't already know how to get to there.
Right. No, yes I know. It is-It is a little frustrating.
So is there any way to like bypass that because that is so, like I've been going around in circles
like press nine, press zero, press back to the menu, like I can't get through to what I'm supposed to get through to.
I- I'll give you a little hint, next time if it asks if you're on a rotary phone you know, just stay on the line instead of - instead of hitting one or two to say if you're like on a touch tone F: It's so frustrating.
pretend like your on a rotary phone, goes straight through to a person.
Okay. Oh, that would just make it so much better, 'cause I cannot handle it's just like oh, my God I can't sit here any longer and talk to this lady with this pleasant voice.
I know they don't tell you that kind of thing. M: Right.
Sorry. Okay. Um-, yes
Thank you very much. Um So I have a charge on my credit card that, um, isn't mine.
Uh, I don't know where it came from and it's actually quite large, and I don't have the money for it so M: Oh, alright.
it really freaks me out when I got my bill because it was like I don't -- I didn't spend this. This is not my charge.
Yea. All right. Well, let me-let me look it up here for a second. Uh, so i think
Okay, it was um- at the [GARBAGE] sorry, it was at a department store, I think it was Macy's or something
Okay, Alright, yeah. I- I see it on here.
and it was like something like eight hundred dollars. I don't remember. It was just a lot and I have thing in front of me right now, but-
All right. Well, you know that's, that's what we have all of our protection plans for and everything like that so I mean it's
it- it'll work out fine.
Yes, we'll get- we'll get rid of it right now. I mean just we're going to have to have you, um, submit something you know, we're going to have to have you mail something in for us, okay. F: Okay. Okay.
So- So you can um find that application. You have the Internet, you can go to our website.
Yeah. Yeah. You get the form right now. and- yeah
We could mail it to you as well, but-
Right. You can go online, print it out, and just fill out the form and um- send it to us um- you know, regarding the grievance and-
and it'll get taken off um- no problem you know
'Cause I-I just don't know how someone could have gotten my charge information
Right. I mean we might
Okay.
Uh, I mean have you been shopping around on the Internet and stuff? I mean that you gave-
I did buy one thing on ebay I don't know that might-
Uh-ha, I mean usually sites are pretty well protected but sometimes I mean information gets out, so
so it is a little a little hard in that situation if you want -- you know you can -um- we can- we can issue another credit card.
Yeah, yeah. Maybe we'll, uh-
it's a different number and everything
Yeah. yeah.
Yes, um but for- for that- for that charge we will need you to send something in but we can get you processed immediately for this, for this, for this new card. It still goes to the same address, right?
Okay. All right. Then we'll get it sent out there. And
Great.
And you know just I mean be careful in the future if um
Yeah.
if you're ever online or anything like that I mean just make sure it's a secure site and
and never you know, give it to anyone out, never even give out your number to any like unreliable company that you haven't heard of or anything like that, all right? Because, um, we want to- we definitely want to help you out, but-
Right, right.
Okay, great.
Yeah, totally.
you know it gets- it gets difficult you know so Alright.
Well thank you so much. You've been very helpful. I really appreciate it.
Alright Yes, I'm sorry for all the inconvenience but we'll get it taken care of.
Thank you very much bye. M: Alright.
What's he going to say? Maybe we should tell him before he sees it.
He saw it.
He was out here when it broke.
Around Four this morning, and there was a crack and I looked out. We're standing right there when I cracked.
I don't know. but When it cracked he ran back into the house and start to cry in the kitchen.
Did you talk to him?
No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.
He cried hard.
I could hear him right through the floor of my room.
He is thinking about him again.
It's getting just like after Larry died, he's having dreams, he's walking around at night.
I guess, he is.
What's the meaning of that?
I don't know the meaning of it. But I know one thing mom did. We made a terrible mistake with dad.
Being dishonest with him. It's the kind of thing that pays off and now it's paying off.
You know that Larry's not coming back, and I know it. So why do we go on letting him think that we believe with him?
No um, I don't want to argue with him, but it's time we realized that nobody else believes that Larry is alive.
Why shouldn't he dream about him, walk around during the night, looking for him um. Do we contradict him? Do we say outright that we don't have any hope anymore, that we haven't had any for years now?
We have to say it to him!
For God's sake, mom, three years. Nobody comes back after three years! It's insane!
To you it is, and to me, but not to your father. Now look, you can talk yourself blue in the face, but there's no body, and there's no grave, so where are you?
Sit down, mom. I want to talk to you.
All right, All right mom. Listen!
You know why I asked Annie here, don't you?
You know.
Well I got an idea. But what's the story?
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
You know that's not just my business.
So it's all right. I can go ahead with it then?
I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.
Now Chris you can go on from there, but I don't know what to do. I mean do you know what to do, because I don't.
I don't know why it is. But every time I reach out for something I want, I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time, after time.
Well you're a considerate fellow, there's nothing wrong with that.
To hell with that!
Have you asked Annie yet to marry you?
Well how did you know that she will go along with it, I mean maybe she feels the same way as your father?
The trouble is you don't see enough women, you never have
So what, I'm not fast with women.
Well I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
I can't help it. I know her best. I was brought up next door to here, the easiest, when I think of somebody for my wife, I think of Annie. Do you want a diagram?
No, I don't want a diagram, but, Chris, your father thinks Larry's coming back.
You marry his girl, and you're pronouncing him dead. Now what's going to happen to your father, do you know? I don't.
All right, then, Mom.
I've given it three years of thought. And hope by now that he wouldn't. Can you forget about Larry an-- and we can have a regular wedding and have everybody be happy. But that can't happen here, I'm set to get out.
What the hell is this?
I'll get out. I'll get married and live some place else. Maybe, maybe New York?
Are you crazy?
Wait a minute. Tell me this. Do you mean to say that you would leave the business?
The business? The business? It doesn't inspire me?
Don't- you, you can't think like that! Don't think like that!
All right! But don't think like that, because I mean, what the hell did we do all this for, Chris? The whole business it's all for you! The whole shooting match is for you!
I don't understand you, do I?
Hey. How's it going? I haven't seen you in awhile.
What's going on Joe?
Guess who got into U.S.C.?
Me. Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
I got into the...
I got into cinema production.
Yeah.
No. It's like it's harder than getting into Harvard.
What does that mean?
You're going to be here and I'm going to be in LA so we can be together now. I mean we can be in the same city.
Holy shit...
We can party. We can have fun.
This will be like high school but even better.
Yeah. Hopefully it won't be like high school.
Oh man I am so proud of you, that is...how did you get...I mean what did you do? How did you find out or what...?
I have some bad news. I was like what? She's like not really you got into U.S.C. and I was like, I was like oh my God. I was about to tear my own hair out.
Oh man.
Yeah. This is so crazy. I mean I didn't get into any other school but I got into the school I wanted.
Did you say yes yet? I mean have you sent in your answer?
Oh my God the first minute I got it I sent it back in.
All right.
So...
This is so great, you know, because I gone fit on downtown so I'm going to be like right here. I think I'm going to be living at City Lights downtown.
This is so exciting. This is like a new chapter in our lives.
Yeah, it really is.
We're doing what we want to do, then four years later we're going to be working professionals, making money, sipping martinis every day.
Man I'm just so happy for you. I just--
Thank you
Well, I'm happy for you but I'm happy for me cause that means you're going to stay.
And tonight my parents want to take me out to sushi and they said I could bring you.
Oh great. I would love to go.
Yeah and they said get whatever you want and...
Mmmm some miso soup.
Some miso soup. You can get whatever. You can get a vat full of miso soup. God.
This is going to be so great. I have so many great ideas.
It took them, oh man, it took them like, I mean what it's like April now and any letters that come in April are usually the rejection letters so I was just like...
Oh my God. I am so proud of you.
Ahh. It sent shivers up my spine.
What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?
Behave exquisitely.
With the most perfect poise.
Certainly I shall probably do a court curtsy.
Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy, do they?
Don't say that, my darling.
It's true the whole business is very poor joke.
Don't laugh at me. I'm serious.
Who's they?
Oh, how long will it last, this ludicrous, over-bearing love of ours?
Well who knows?
What happens if one of us dies? Does the one that's left still laugh?
Thank you, dear. The same applies to you except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.
Do you remember that awful scene in Venice?
Which particular one?
The one where you bought that little painted wooden snake and put it on my bed.
Oh, Charles. That was his name. Charles he did wriggle so beautifully.
Horrible thing. I hated it.
Yes, I know you did. You threw him out of the window into the Grand Canal. I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
How long did that row last?
The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt holes in my dressing gown.
It burnt my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
Then the manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor biting and scratching like panthers. F: Oh dear
How ridiculous. How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
And very much sillier.
I wonder.
I don't care then.
Hello? Hello? What? Wrong number.
Ah, it send shivers up my spine.
Behave exquisitely.
With the most perfect poise?
Oh, of course. I shall probably do a court curtsy.
Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy. Do they?
What's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.
Oh, darling, don't say that.
It's true. The whole business is a very poor joke.
Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?
Yes, meaning just that.
You mustn't be serious, my dear one. That's just what they want.
Who's they?
All those futile moralists that try to make life unbearable. Laugh at them. Be flippant. Laugh at everything. All their sacred shibboleths.
Flippancy brings out the acid in their damn sweetness and light.
If I laugh at everything, then I must laugh at us too.
Certainly, you must. We're figures of fun, alright.
Well how long will it last us, this ludicrous overbearing love of ours.
Who knows.
Well, shall we always want to bicker and fight?
No, that desire will fade. Along with our passion.
Oh, dear, shall we like that?
Depends on how well we've played.
Well, what happens if one of us dies? I mean, does the one that's left still laugh?
Yes. Yes. With all his might.
No. No, it isn't. Death is very laughable. Such a cunning little mystery. All done with mirrors.
Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.
So is everyone else in the long run.
Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers. Let's blow our trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can. Like quite idiotic, very small school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment.
Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
Elliott, worms don't pop.
I don't care what you do. See, you could paint yourself green and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word. As long as you love me best.
Oh, thank you, dear. The same applies to you except that if I catch so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.
You remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
Which particular one?
The one when you bought that little painted wooden snake in the Piazza and put it on my bed.
Charles. That was his name. Charles. He did wriggle so beautifully.
Yes, I know you did. You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal. I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
How long did that row last?
It went in intermittently for days.
The worst one was in Cannes when your curling iron burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.
It burned my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
That was the first time you ever hit me.
I didn't hit you very hard.
The manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.
Oh, I'll never forget his face.
It was ridiculous. Completely ridiculous.
We were very much younger then.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
You knew there was nothing in that.
Only a trivial little broach.
You worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
You must admit that he was in love with you, wasn't he?
maybe just a little, but--
You let him kiss you. You said you did.
And what of it?
What of it?
Well, I- he got a lot of pleasure out of it and it didn't hurt me.
Well, that's a nice point of view I must say.
I'm growing quite tired and bored of this conversation.
So am I, bored stiff. Would you like some brandy?
I'll have a little I think.
I don't see why you want any. You've already had three glasses.
Well, it seems silly to go on and on in such a thing.
It's becoming a habit with you.
You needn't be so grand simply because you don't happen to want any at the moment.
Really, Amanda.
Just making myself fascinating for you.
Oh, that reply has broken my heart.
Oh, yes it is.
It's a pity you didn't take a little more brandy. It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
Um, It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
adder don't snap, they sting.
They sting.
They snap.
I don't care if they bark and roll around like hoops, okay.
[BREATHING]
Did you see much of Peter Burden after the divorce?
Yes, I did quite a bit.
I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more then.
Mind your own business.
You must have a riotous time, no restraint at all, very enjoyable. I mean, you never had much anyway.
Oh dear, you really are becoming quite insufferable. I would imagine it's because you're drunk.
Oh, You are so insufferable. Do you stop.
Oh, This is very interesting. We- we might get a splendid debate going about this intemperate tots.
Not very funny, dear, you better have some more brandy.
Ugh.
You better turn that off I think.
Why?
There aren't any people upstairs; it's a photographer's studio.
They're away in Tunis.
Turn it on again.
Fine, if you insist on being completely insolent.
Turn it off. It is driving me mad.
Well, do try to control yourself darling.
Turn it off.
You really do need to develop uh a clearer head.
Turn it off.
I- I hate you.
Amanda-- Listen- Listen-
I hate you.
No, no. I'm tired of listening to you. You're boorish and idiotic and completely overbearing.
Very music- amusing indeed.
Yeah, very amusing. Let me go. I'm getting out of here. I can't believe I intended to marry you.
You are a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast, and I never want to set eyes on you again.
Oh, marry you again? I must have been insane. What was I thinking? I mean, you're completely outrageous.
Shut up, shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on bended knee. You're a mean, evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never set eyes on you again.
Beast; brute; cad; whore
Hey listen here missy, I've been in this line for an hour and now I'm finally here. So you're going to take my application.
Is that a demand sir?
It's not a demand it's a request. Will you just take it? Come on.
Sir, you completely filled this out wrong.
No. You filled out the back part. You were supposed to fill out the front portion only.
What are you talking about? It says fill out that part.
No, no, no, no, no. You're going to have to go back over on the other side-- --second door, up the stairs...
Okay.
Oh my God. Can you just transfer it yourself?
No I can't just transfer it myself sir. You got to do this. Everyone else is doing the same thing.
You don't know! you can't write? You don't know how to write?
Excuse me sir?
What's wrong with you people? God.
I think you're being a little condescending.
You need to go back over there and fill it out again.
The information is on there. Here I'll just fill it out right here.
No, no, no, because there are other people in line. You have to go get a complete new application.
This will take like a minute, okay? Jesus.
I'm not going anywhere. I'm staying right here.
Hey,uh-- Well that's too bad cause I'm getting my license right now.
You will get your license, sir, you have to go fill out-- --another copy...excuse me?
Give me my--
Hey, no, give me that back. M: Ugh.
-- No. I'm not waiting...I'm not coming back again. I don't have time to come back five days.
I'll have a license.
Well not from this department you won't.
Yes I will. I'll have this [GARBAGE]
Sir-
just as I want. Ugh.
Sir? I'm going to ask you one more time and then I'm going to call my supervisor
who will proceed to call-- security if you can't remove yourself--
Fine. Call your supervisor. Ask supervisor over
and I'll tell her how you've been behaving.
Really?
How would you like that hmm?
She's not actually in the building. She's only on the phone. Sir, please leave this line immediately.
Oh, okay. Wow.
No. I'm not going anywhere. I'm staying here-- I am filling out right now okay just calm down. I'm filling out right now-- Just take the god damn piece of paper.
Okay. I'm going to call security. Security!
I'm sorry she's--these people they just want to get their license--
No, You cannot get your license. You filled out the wrong part of the form.
This entire time you're fighting with me sir, you could've finished the form and already been half way-- No. Get out.
I did finish one. Take it.
What is wrong with you?
What time is it? Isn't it supposed to start running around midnight? This is great, isn't it? Look at this great night we got here. Couldn't be better--
actually I was hoping to go a little bit further up the coast to get away from the lights and the people but I was afraid I will miss it. How are you doing?
Fine.
Is that--no, no no is that foam? I can't even tell, although if I- if I can't tell, it probably isn't it? Right It'll probably be unmistakable, but don't you think? How you doing?
Oh no, you know what I did. I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid? I can't believe I forgot my flashlight.
What flashlight?
The flashlight, the silver one, there's only one, isn't there?
It's not your flashlight.
Whose is it?
Well, Sure.
I mean you keep saying ,my flashlight, as if it's somehow just yours. How's that suppose to make me feel?
No, Of course, you are right. Our flashlight. Me flashlight is you flashlight naturally. How can we not think to bring it?
yes.
Are you cold? You want my jacket? We should have bought a blanket. Our blanket-. This is great, isn't it?
I didn't even think to bring a six-pack. A six-pack would be just the thing right about now. I can't believe I forgot. And look at kid, I am surprise I make it out of the house about flies it.
[LAUGHTER] I wonder if they can hear me talk or if they can feel the vibration in the sand when we are moving around
you want my jacket?
It's after eleven, let's go home.
There is no point in coming out here.
Right.
So let's go.
Not particularly.
Why not?
I just don't.
Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. I mean, It happens like once a year. It's a great opportunity.
Think about people in Kansas, they have to get a- a plane reservation and a hotel reservation just to see this uh- but we are just forty minutes away. Too good to pass up.
Pass up what? Its little fish, one month on the beach and they flop around and they swim away and then they die.
Yeah but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives, all that flopping around is laying eggs or what you- mating or spawning or something like that.
This is a big night for these guys. Life's last orgy. Yeah
What are you so excited about? I mean it's not--it's not rocket science we are talking about, its fish. Its fish nobody even eats.
Okay, but they are fish that do something that no other fish do. Like the swallows returning to Capistrano, or the lemmings jumping off a cliff you know like that.
There's There's mystery here and magic. A little bit of the unexplainable. I can't understand how you could not be interested.
I am just not.
Yes.
Last year you also remember, our shoes got wet and I got sand in my panties and we got into a big fight. You had a sore throat and we did not see the grunions.
We weren't in a good spot.
We didn't see them the first time either.
Look there, what's that? Is it? Is that a--Ah, it's a seaweed isn't it?
Oh, this is great. I wouldn't miss this for the world. I mean think about this. I know you are not interested but think about this for a second.
Somewhere out there, is a giant mass of silver fish all swimming in this direction. They don't know why and we don't know why. They didn't get an invitation. And it wasn't a vote- it wasn't a decision. And nobody sent them a map or anything like that.
It's just some little instinctual time-release firecracker that went off inside them and all this one they turn around and form a line as long as the California coast and just started swimming.
They are swimming right now as if it's the only thing that matters. It's- It's single mindedness with no mind, urgency that's pure urge. It's- They don't know what drives them. They- They don't give any name or ask any question. They just turn as one and started to swim to the very point we are standing right now for a massive celebration of sex and death. God, it's giving me goose bumps all over my hairs on my arm. popping up.
Well, So what do you think?
What he's going to say?
He saw it.
I was out here at four this morning I heard a crack and I looked out the window and he was standing right over there.
I don't know. But he went back in the kitchen and he cried.
Did you talk to him?
No. I figured I'd just let it wait.
Cried hard?
Yeah, I could hear him crying through the floorboards in my room.
[BREATHING]
What is he doing out here at that hour?
I don't know.
He's dreaming about him again, walking the streets.
I guess he is.
I don't know the meaning of it. But I know we've made terrible mistake with father.
What do you mean a mistake?
I just--why shouldn't he walk the nights waiting for him, huh? Do we contradict him do we say we don't have any hope any more that he's not coming back?
What do you want to do, argue with him?
I don't want to argue with him, it's just for God's sake it's time he realized that no one believes with him any more.
I got to.
What, can you prove it? What proof do you have? Can you prove it?
For God's sake, three years? Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane.
To you it is, to me it is. But to your father? You can talk yourself 'til you're blue in the face but there's was no grave and there is no body. So where are you?
Okay, all right. Mom, sit down. I want to talk to you.
The trouble is those god damn news papers. Every month some boy comes back missing longer then Larry so--
Yeah, okay all right, all right. Listen, um, you know why I asked Annie here, right?
Why?
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
Well, that's only your business, Chris.
You know it's not just my business.
Well, what do you want me to do? You're old enough known your own business.
So it's okay then? I'm just going to go ahead with it?
See. Then it's not just my business. Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that? You know it's just your business too if I tell father and he throws a fit about it, huh?
I'm just saying.
I'm sorry. I ignore what I've got to ignore. That girl is Larry's girl.
She is not Larry's girl.
From father's point of view he is not dead and you have no right to take his girl. I'm just saying that you can go on from there if you know where to go but I'm saying I don't know where to go. See, I don't know.
I don't know why it is you know every time I reach out for something I have to pull back 'cause I'm afraid it's going to hurt somebody. All my life...
You're a considerate fellow. There's nothing wrong in that.
To hell with that.
Did you ask Annie yet?
No, I wanted to get this all sorted out first.
Well, how do you know she's going to marry you? Maybe she feels same way your father does.
The trouble is you don't see enough women, you never did.
So what? I'm just--I'm not fast with women.
I don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
That's a good answer but it doesn't answer anything. You haven't seen her since you went away to war, it's been five years.
I don't know, it I think of her, I grew up next to her. She is what I think of when I think of a wife.
He thinks he's coming back, Chris. You marry that girl you're pronouncing him dead.
Do you know what that'll do to you, to your father, do you know? I don't.
I've given it lots of thought. And I keep coming back to the same thing.
When I think of a family, when I think of my future I see Annie in the center of that and you know and if that can't happen here then I'll go somewhere else.
I'll leave. I'll get married and move somewhere else maybe New York.
Are you crazy?
You have a business here. I said what the hell is this?
Business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Oh, must you be inspired.
Yes, yes I like it for one hour a day. I don't care if I have to grub for money all day long when I come home I want it nice, I want a family, I want to kids and Annie is in the center of that.
If that can't happen here...
Yes, on this I would.
Well, you don't want to think like that.
Then help me stay here mom.
All right but you don't think like that because what the hell is this all for. This is all for you, what are we working for Chris? The whole shooting match is for you.
Then help me stay.
Well, you don't think like that.
I am thinking like that.
I don't understand you, do I?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
Well, I can see that.
So, uh, so how's it been going? I mean, you have any needs or anything?
I'm--every lead that I get ends up just being a dead end. You know what I mean. People are sick of me calling--
No. You can't think that way. I mean it's good--it's good that you're--that you're calling, you know. you can't
Yeah, but it--I mean it's the same response you get over and over again. Like--
Oh, we're not hiring at this time or thank you, we already have your information on file--We'll call you when we're ready. F: It's just--
But, it's been so long, like--I mine as well just take a job at McDonald's. Like, I don't--
No, come on. Don't [GARBAGE]
I just--I can't do it anymore. Like, it just takes it out of you--
I know. I know. It's hard, but you just--you gotta keep going. I mean, you've been going at it for so long, you know. Something is definitely going to come up. I-I know it will, because you're a good worker--
I just keep getting rejected. I just keep getting rejected over and over and over again and it starts to make you feel like there must be something wrong with you that you can't get a job.
No. It's--I mean, it's competitive, you know. That's-That's what it is. that's what you gotta be is competitive.
Yeah, but maybe--if just because it's competitive, like maybe I'm just not good enough. Maybe the level is here and I'm here and there's just no way I'm ever gonna do that--
There...There are plenty of people out there with--with like, good jobs, you know, that are a lot...
...dumber than you. I mean they're a lot worse off than you. You are much better off than like a lot of those people in there. I know
I didn't have like one of those starts, you know, like a family member who was already in the business or something you know that could like give me a helping hand.
I know. It makes it harder. I mean it's definitely who you know in a lot of cases, but--
It's just so frustrating. Like, I just--I just don't wanna do it anymore. You know? I just don't wanna like hit the pavement every single day with my resumes and going out there all the time. You know, it's just like--
But you gotta. Otherwise, what is--what's your other option?
I feel so worthless.
It's not worthless 'cause it's definitely gonna--it's definitely gonna pay off. I know it. I mean, I can--I've just--I've seen your work etiquette. You know, you're a good worker and...
... and there's no reason that--that something won't come up like really soon. All right? So you just gotta--
And what would make you say that? There doesn't seem to be any indicators that anything's going to get better.
Because I know you. You know, and maybe once you get to know some more people, like talking to them and everything, they'll get to know you too and they'll realize they should've hired you three years ago. You know? but And- and they'll finally come around and believe me--it'll--you gotta-
It's just really hard. I feel like their starting to get like a personal prejudice against me. You know what I mean? Like it's like suddenly it starts to feel like it's just you that they say no to and it's not that they're not taking applications and it's not that they're not hiring people, it's just you particularly they have some particular reason for just hating you. You know?
Well maybe yeah, but maybe you get to that point where it's like you bug 'em and then they just don't wanna hear from you anymore, but you keep bugging them and bugging them and then it's gonna annoy them so much that they're gonna be like all right fine. you know
Or they'll never talk to me again.
Or, well, no. Okay. you -[GARBAGE]
I-I just I think maybe I should try something else. I mean, I-I don't know. All growing up this is the only thing that I ever wanted to do and yet I can't. I'm not physically able apparently. I mean--
That obviously that's not true though. I mean, you've done this before. You've done all the work like this before, you know, and and you've gotten people saying oh, you're so good and like you know--
I guess the money shouldn't matter to me, but--Somehow it does. You know? It's not like I do it for the money, but
Right.
Well, you've gotta live.
you have to--I mean, if you're hired by somebody, then you're not a professional, you're an amateur and that means that you're not good enough.
I mean, it's just, it's really--I don't know, yeah, it's about their opinions and it's about, I don't know, just getting yourself out there and--
I just wanna crawl in a hole, you know. Like it just makes you not wanna even open your eyes in the morning.
Well, come on, come on. Thinking about it like this is definitely not gonna help either though.
What time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight.
This is great, isn't it? Look at the night we've got here, couldn't be better.
I would have liked to have gone a little further up the coast to get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it.
How you doing?
Is that--no--is that just foam? I can't even tell.
Well, I guess we can tell, it probably isn't right? Probably be unmistakable don't you think?
How you doing? Aw, you know what I forgot? I forgot to bring my flashlight. Oh, how could I be so stupid? I should've brought my flashlight.
What flashlight?
Oh, well sure.
Right, of course. Our flashlight. Mine and yours. I mean, me flashlight is su flashlight naturally.
I wonder, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year. Do you remember?
Yeah.
You cold? Do you want my jacket? Oh, we should've brought the blanket. Our blanket.
This is great, isn't it? A six pack would be just the ticket right now.
I can't believe I forgot. I'm like a kid. It's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.
You think they can hear us talk? Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
Do you want my jacket?
It's after eleven, let's just go home.
Right.
That's my point too.
No. No. That's not my point. The point is there's no point in coming down if we just leave. Don't you want to see it?
Think about the people in Kansas, they had to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to see this. We live forty minutes away. It's too good to pass up.
Pass up what? These little fish swim onto the beach, they flop around, and swim away. And then they die.
Yeah, but that moment on the beach, is the highlight of their little lives. All that flopping is laying eggs or what do you--spawning or mating. I mean,
this is a big night for these guys. Life's last orgy.
What are you so excited about? I mean, it's not a moon landing we're talking about here. It's fish. It's a fish nobody even eats.
Yeah they do.
Ah, Augie.
Alright. But it's fish that do something that none of the other fish do. Like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs.
I'm just not.
I don't get it. The first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life.
Last year, you will also remember our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got in a big fight over nothing, and we didn't see the grunions.
We weren't in a good spot.
We didn't see them the first time either.
There is that--no that's just seaweed isn't it?
Oh man, this is great, isn't it? I wouldn't miss this for anything. Here, think about this, all right, I know you're not interested, but think about this.
all as one, this time release instinctual little firecracker went off and they all turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming. And they're swimming right now as if that's all that matters.
It's like single mindedness with no mind. It's urgency that's pure urge. They don't know what drives them. They don't ask it a question or give it a name.
They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them right here to where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.
Ah, God, I'm giving myself goose bumps. Look, all my hairs are popped up.
Well, so what do you think?
About what?
What I was saying.
Hello?
Oh God I finally got...you know how long I've been waiting on line? You put on hold for like five hours. Geez.
I'm sorry ma'am. What's the nature of your problem? But first can I get you to tell me your first and last name?
I've already been through this five times with these people. I've been calling every single day.
I know I just need to verify every time. I'm sorry.
Olivia Brown.
Alright Ms. Brown what's the nature of your problem?
Well my phone isn't working and it hasn't been working for the last five days.
Oh. I'm sorry. Um- Did you drop it in water?
Yeah, yeah, yeah you better be sorry.
No I did not drop my phone in water. I'm not five years old and just dropped my phone anywhere I see it. Okay this is my business.
Okay? And it [GARBAGE]. My business is failing because my phone isn't working and I don't have a land line and I really can't handle this right now.
Um- well it's probably easy. Can you any more symptoms either you're not receiving calls----ok, you're not receiving calls, not getting calls.
the symptoms- This [GARBAGE] a doctor's office. I'm not receiving calls...I can't receive- no, it's, it cuts me off--
Is the phone turned on?
Yes the phone turns on. No I mean I'm using it not turning on the phone. Of course it turns on.
Well, um- okay. Your sim card is in- didn't fall out-
No- I don't have a sim card because it's Verizon and you guys don't use sim cards.
Alright. Um- Well that could be the problem. cause--
you might have an older phone where we would use sim cards but probably not.
Okay no. Sir, this is the deal. My phone isn't working and I don't care what the problem is but it needs to work. That's why I'm paying you guys to fix it.
Okay. How about this we'll send you a brand new camera phone with palm pilot-- and-
I don't know even how to use that stuff it's too complicated. I just want my flip phone to work----that's all I need
So we'll send it- And we'll give you, how about a free year's service?
Look, I am on the road all the time. Do you understand how important? I'm a woman, a single mother by herself working...what?
Tell them my name. My name is Brent Backersen.
Brent Backersen, I am writing this down, Brent Backersen. Alright.
Okay. Tell them my - my ID number is two one three five.
Tell them that. You can go in, get a brand new phone, they'll hook you up with service even give you a free three months--
I, I, I don't want a contract. Okay. I don't want any contracts.
It will be free. No contract okay?
Really? No contract?
Go in there, yeah, go in there. Tell them Brent Backersen sent you.
the top of the line camera phone, game boy, anything you want. For free. And palm pilot.
They might only have orange.
Okay. They can figure out pink for you. So go in there and just tell them that and they'll hook you up with other goodies, stuff like that free service, no contract, no nothing. Just for being a good customer
and battling through with us.
Alright. Well- I guess - I guess that's okay but,
Yes. You just tell them Brent Backersen sent you.
Okay.
Alright? Great. Have a nice evening.
Alright Thanks.
Did you get the letter?
Yes. There's a big envelope it says, you're in. I know.
Yeah. That is so awesome. M: Did you-
Oh my God. What are you going to do? [LAUGHTER]
Oh-Yeah, I bet you're really excited. Oh. That's what loans are for? Right? Exactly.
I'm really excited. Yeah. I don't know how I'm going to pay for anything, but... I also- Yeah. Loans, too, yeah. I applied, though, for a bunch of grants and scholarships so I'm still waiting to hear on that.
Oh. Good, good. That's awesome. Are you going to stay around here? Or are you going to like get a different neighborhood- you going to move to a different neighborhood?
Oh- I know, I know, I know, I know.
I don't know. I spend so much time commuting as it is, I'd rather.
This is so- I am so happy that you're going to stay. You're not going to...We should totally throw a party.
I know. We should throw a party.
A rapper party ho. Yeah. Okay.
I am just- Yeah. I'm sticking around, I'm just doing my thing. I'm living here. I'm so glad you're going to stay, I'm so glad you're going to be here. Yeah. Woo. F:Yay.
Yeah. Big time.
Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Yay. So what major? What are you doing?
Yeah. I'm not sure.
Is this a Masters or a P.h.D.? Or can you...? Nice
Umm...P.h.D. [LAUGHTER]
That's good. Don't you have to like teach a class, too, when you do that?
Teacher. Mrs. Nash, I have a question.
So I get to mold young minds. Mrs.? That's my mother.
You have to get married. Well you are married to Chuck. You're Mrs. Nash. Not to be confused with Mrs. Dash which is the popular seasoning. F:[GARBAGE]
I would be like- Oh. Right, right, right.
Yay...School's fun.
Of course, right. That's where the real money is, being a student.
That's how you get the big bucks. Are you messing with the chair? Don't ruin it.
I know. I made such a mess of it, the entire time. The last three things I've done, I've ruined everything, I think. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
What time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight. This is great isn't it? Look at this night we've got here. It couldn't be better.
Fine.
Is that, is that-that's just foam isn't it? I can't even tell
Oh, no you know what I did? I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid I forgot my flashlight.
The flashlight, the silver one. There's only one isn't there?
It's not yours.
Well sure.
No of course our flashlight, yours and mine, mi flashlight es su flashlight naturally. How could we not think to bring it?
I hope the moon stays out. I wonder do they always run during a full moon. I can't remember if it was full last year. Remember?
Are you cold? Do you want my jacket? We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.
Ah, this is great, isn't it? I didn't even think to bring a six-pack. A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.
It's after eleven let's go home.
Are you kidding? We'd miss it. We just got here. What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home?
There is no point in coming down here.
Right.
That's my point.
That's my point too.
So let's go home.
No, no, no. That's not my point. My point is is that there's no point in coming down here if we just leave. Don't you want to see it?
Not particularly.
I just don't. It's stupid.
Honey this is natural phenomenon. I mean this only happens once a year. This is a great opportunity.
Think about the people in Kansas. They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this. We're just forty minutes away. It's too good to pass up.
Pass up what? These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around, and then swim away and then they die.
Yeah but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. All that flopping around is laying eggs or what do you, spawning or mating something like that.
This is the big night for these guys. Life's last orgy.
What are you so excited about? This isn't a moon landing we're talking about. It's fish. It's fish nobody even eats.
Yeah, they do.
Oh, Augie.
Okay but it's fish who do something none of the other fish do
like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that. There's mystery here and magic
a little bit of the unexplainable. I don't see how you cannot be interested.
I'm just not.
Yes.
I don't get it. The first time we came here to see it you said it was the best night of your life and last year I remember distinctly you were so excited to get here. You stubbed your toe rushing me out the door and didn't even notice until we were in the car.
We weren't in a good spot.
We didn't see them the first time either.
We just weren't in a good spot. This is a much better spot.
I've got good instincts for these things. Look there. What's that. Is that? Is that, is that-no it's just seaweed isn't it.
Ah, man this is great. I wouldn't miss this for anything. I mean think about this. I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.
Out there someplace there's this huge mass of silver fish heading this way. They don't know why. We don't know why. It wasn't a decision. They didn't take a vote.
No one sent them a map or an invitation. Just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one. They turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.
They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.
It's single mindedness with no mind. Urgency that's pure urge.
They don't know what drives them. They don't give it a name or ask question. They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them here to this place
where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.
Ah, I'm giving myself goose bumps. All my hairs are popping up.
That's the wind.
About what?
It's ridiculous.
I don't care then.
No. Wrong number. [LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHTER] That sent shivers up my spine.
What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us.[LAUGHTER]
We'll behave exquisitely.
With perfect poise.
I think I shall do a curtsy.
It's strange; things that ought to matter dreadfully, they just don't matter at all when one's happy. Do they?
Yes. Meaning just that.
Well what does it all mean? That's what I ask myself in my quest for ultimate truth. Dear God, what does it all mean?
Don't laugh at me. I'm being serious.
Who's they?
Who knows?
Yes. Yes with all of his might.
Let's be superficial, and just pity those poor philosophers, huh? Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party for as long as we can, you know, like small, idiotic school children.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh Come and kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets.
Oh Elliott, worms don't pop.
Oh See, I don't care what you do, see. You can paint yourself green and run naked through the Place Vendome and run off with all of the men of the world. I shan't say a word, just as long as you love me best.
Aw. Thank you, darling. The same applies to you too, except that if you so much as look at another woman I'll kill you.
Oh Charles, that was his name. He did wiggle so beautifully.
That was a rouser, wasn't it?
The manager came in, he found us rolling about the floor, biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER] How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
[LAUGHTER] I'll never forget his face. [LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHTER] We were very much younger then.
[LAUGHTER] And very much sillier.
Every day since.
I was waiting for you, Chris. 'Til then, you never wrote and when you did, what did you say? You sure can be ambiguous, you know.
I'll never forgive you. Why did you wait all these years? All I've done is sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
Yes, I suppose there has been. But it's going from me.
I don't know where to start.
It's all mixed up with so many other things. You remember overseas, I was in command of a company?
Well I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
Oh, gees.
It takes a little time to toss that off because they weren't just men.
For instance, one time it'd been raining several days. And this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks; put them in my pocket. That's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had.
And I got this idea watching them go down, everything was being destroyed, see? But, to me, it seemed there was one new thing that was made,
a kind of responsibility. Man for man. You understand me? And then I went home and it was incredible.
There was no meaning in it here. The whole thing to them was some sort of bus accident. Then I went to work for dad and that whole rat race again. I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow
because nobody was changed. It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys. I felt wrong to be alive;
to open that bank book; to drive the new car; to see the new refrigerator. I mean, you can take these things out of a war, but when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.
You have to be a little better because of that. Otherwise, we have is really loot and there's blood on it. I don't want to take any of it. I guess that included you.
Annie, Annie, I'm going to make you a fortune.
What'll I do with a fortune?
Kathy died last night.
yeah, I mean, you know, it was a -
I guess we saw it coming and she lasted a lot - a lot longer than, uh, they expected but you know, I mean when it actually happens it's just a lot harder.
It doesn't make any easier, yes.
I mean at least she was home, she wasn't in the hospital anymore,
Oh, man. I'm so sorry.
She was with- yeah She was with Gary, and he said that she was just sitting there and went to sleep, closed her eyes, and that was it.
It's going to be so rough, I'm sorry.
Yes. I mean, it's not as rough on me as it is on him but
God, it's you know, we've spent so much time with them it's just really surreal, really weird that we're not going to be able to see her anymore and go
Yeah.
out to- out to dinner you know and do the troops to California, I mean.
Totally.
It's just that- I don't know, it's sort it's sort- of a weird thing you know
Yeah
not being able to see anyone again, who knows where they really went, you know. I mean, I guess we can just hope that wherever they are now if it's anywhere that it's better I mean.
Yes. Well, at least you have a lot of good memories.
She was [garbage]
She really cared about you, you know.
Yes, I mean she cared about all of us. She was great
so loving everybody you know.
And she was
Gosh, I just hate I just hate to see her go.
Yeah.
We were all going take a trip to Europe you know.
Even if you still do she'll- she'll be there.
Yes. [BREATHING] God.
Are you going to be okay?
I just -- I just don't get it, like there is just nothing you can do about it you know, it's like just out of your control and it
just makes it that much harder to deal 'cause as much as you want to, you know, make her better, see her not in any pain, it's like, just I don't know, just has a mind of its own.
Then she's gone.
It's going to be okay, I promise.
Well, you know I appreciate you coming over and talking to me, I mean it definitely helps
Sure
to talk to somebody but
you shouldn't be alone
It's just going to take a while, I think.
Yes.
Ah.
Thank you.
Yes.
You're the only one who still loves his parents.
I know. It kind of went out of style, didn't it?
It's not so bad; it's a good thing.
[BREATHING] You know, it's lovely here. The air is sweet.
You're not sorry you came.
I'm not sorry, no. But I'm...I can't stay.
For one thing, your mother much as told me to go.
Well.
And then, you. You've been kind of...
What?
Sort of embarrassed ever since I got here.
Well I was kind of planning of sneaking up on you over the course of a week or so. They just take it for granted that we're all set.
I knew they would.
Well sure, from your mother's point of view. Why else would I come?
I, umm. I guess, I guess that's kind of why I came.
[BREATHING]
I love you. Annie, I love you.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't really have any imagination, that's all I know how to say.
[LAUGHTER]
Am I embarrassing you? Are you - See, I didn't want to do it here with this yard, on this porch. I wanted it to be somewhere new, some place fresh for both of us.
No. No
Chris, I've been ready a long, long, time.
I almost got married two years ago.
You started to write me.
Every day since.
Why didn't you let me know?
Give me a...
Give me a kiss.
beating around the bush. F:[LAUGHTER]
I will never forgive you. All I'd done was sit around wondering if I was crazy waiting so long, wondering if you were thinking about me.
Oh Annie, we are going to live now. I am going to make you so happy.
Not like that you're not.
I kissed you.
Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris.
Hey, let's drive some place. Huh? Let's get out of here.
No it's nothing like that. It's-
Yeah. I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.
I don't even know how to start.
It's just all mixed up with so many other things, you know? You know overseas I was in command of a company?
Yeah, sure.
Well I lost them.
How many?
Pretty much all.
Aw, geez.
You can't just toss off a thing like that because they weren't just men. You know?
Like for instance, there was this one time it had been raining for several days and this kid he just came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks. He just put them in my pocket. That's a little thing, you know, but that's what kind of guys I had.
They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other. I mean that, exactly. Just a little more selfish and they would all be here today.
Mmhmm.
To bring that on to the earth again, you know, is like some kind of monument and I thought I would just make a difference to them.
But then I came home and it was incredible, you know? The whole thing was just kind of this random bus accident. You know, I went back to the rat race again, I went to work.
And I didn't want any of it. I guess that included you.
I just want you to know Annie.
What would I do with a fortune?
You seem kind of down.
It's--I've been trying to find this job I can't get any job.
It's not fair.
What do you mean?
I mean I've been looking for a job for like three years and I can't get a job. I mean like, it's America, right? I should be able to get a job.
There's a lot of people looking for jobs.
I guess. But three years? I mean, I like--I went to college even, I mean I didn't finish but I went for like a little bit. It's not fair, I don't know.
I don't know, I mean, I just don't think...
I mean I've been sending out my resumes and doing everything I can do but nothing is happening. You know, it's like I can't and I can't keep living on loans anymore like this. I'm going to--I mean eventually I'm going to have to pay it back. I'm just kind of freaking out, I don't know.
Did you ever think it might be your attitude that's...
I don't know just sometimes you get kind of... No, I'm not saying that. I just--
No, well maybe it's because I'm like frustrated 'cause I can't get a job, you know.
...has anyone ever just said anything like that to you before?
Like it's really hard to like shake that off when you go into like audition a room or whatever, you know what I mean?
Right, sure.
But I mean you kind of got to, you got to fake it 'til you feel it, right?
I guess I just getting really hard to fake, you know.
I'm just saying that if I was looking to hire somebody in the--or kind of... No. No. No.
Are you hiring? Wait, do you know of a job? Seriously, do you know, like do you know of anything though? Like, oh please, do you know of anything?
No. I'm just saying though that if I was a person who was hiring somebody I-- --would not hire someone who was angry or upset.
Yeah.
I come across angry?
No.
What?
Well, you know a little. If you were to listen to--
Okay. You're my friend you can tell me stuff. You can tell me honestly stuff, okay? Please.
I just don't want you to fly off the handle.
Okay, I'm not flying off the handle I don't think I'm flying off the handle here at all.
You kind of have a short fuse.
I have a short fuse?
Yeah.
Okay. Okay no, no, no, no okay no, I need to hear this more. Come on, bring it.
Like this, right now we're trying have a conversation.
We're trying to have a conversation and you seem extremely hostile. You keep cutting me off. M: [BREATHING]
I'm not always right I'm just--
I can't finish the sentence with you without you jumping in...
...and you're always right.
You have an excuse for everything.
[BREATHING]
I'm just saying that maybe you should take in some information before you produce more of your own.
I'm like a sponge I'm like soaked up with all this information for like three years I'm just dying for a job to like put it in to.
[BREATHING]
That's -.
You know, and like I don't think it's that much to ask. I know.
Well, what kind of field are you looking to go into?
That's it.
Hey, what time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight, right? God, this is great, isn't it?
Look at the night we got; couldn't be better.
You know actually, I wanted to go a little further up the coast to get away from all the, the people and the lights, and uh- but I thought we'd miss it. Hey, how you doing?
Fine.
Oh, is that-is that-now, is that just foam, uhh, I can't even tell.
Oh, though if I can't tell it probably isn't them, right? It probably would be unmistakable, wouldn't you think? Hey, how you doing?
Oh, do you know what I forgot? I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid. Oh, I-I should have brought my flashlight.
Uh- you know, the flashlight. The silver one. There's only one, isn't there?
I don't understand why you're always saying oh, it's mine, it's mine. It's not like it's just your flashlight. I mean, how do you think that makes me feel?
We should have brought our flashlight. I can't believe we forgot to bring it.
I hope the moon stays out.
Hey, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year. Do you remember?
We should have brought the blanket. Oh, why didn't we bring the blanket? Our blanket.
You know what would be good right now? A six-pack. Ah, I can't believe I forgot a six-pack. A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.
I'm so stupid. I'm like a little kid. I-it's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped. Oh- [LAUGHTER].
I wonder if they can hear us talk. Or hear the vibrations in the sand when we move.
Do you want my jacket?
Right.
Yeah, that's my point too.
No. No, no, no, that's not my point. My point is there's no point in coming down here if we just turn around and leave.
I mean, don't you want to see it?
Not particularly.
Why not?
I don't know. I just don't.
Pass up what? A bunch of fish. They swim up to the beach and they flop around and they swim away and then they die.
I don't know why you're getting so excited. I mean, it's not like the landing of the moon or something. It's just fish. Fish that nobody eats.
Oh, God, Augie.
Yes, and if you also remember, I got sand in my panties. We got into an argument about nothing. You got a sore throat and we never saw the grunions.
No, for God's sakes, we've never seen the grunions. We're not going to see them.
We just weren't in a good spot, all right? This is a much better spot. I have a good instinct for these things. Look, is that-
I wouldn't miss this for anything. I mean, think about this. Okay, I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.
And they all, all as one, turned as one and formed this line as big as the California coast and started swimming this way. Swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.
You know, they didn't ask it a question. They didn't, they didn't take a vote. They didn't have an invitation or a map; they just started swimming as one.
its single-mindedness with one mind. Urgency that's pure urge. You know, they don't give it a name.
They don't ask it a question. They just, they just, they don't know what drives them. They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them to here
where we stand for a massive celebration of sex and death. Oh, God, I'm giving myself goosebumps. Look, I'm all-all my hairs on my arms is sticking up.
About what I just said.
Hi, I need an ID.
ahh Yeah, this is the wrong line. I'm sorry. You need to go back over to line two B. That's where you should have started from.
Okay, I'm sorry, but I just stood in this line for an hour. can I Is there any way I can-
No, they told me-I'm sorry, but they told me to be in this line.
What, I mean what... what's the difference? What do I need to do there that I can't do here?
Well, I have no camera here. I can't help you at all here, ma'am. I have forms for something completely different. You need to go to a different place.
Can you just-can I just get the right-
Simply step to line two A, ma'am, I'm sorry.
Would you be able to put me at the front of that line?
There is a large line of people behind you waiting to be--
I know. I've been in line with these people. I understand. I understand what it's like. Could you please like call over and-
I don't want to be rude here, ma'am, but line two B is where you need to be. This is the line for registration.
I hear that. I hear that. Thank you, but I've waited in line for so long, and I don't want to have to be here all day.
I don't have those-
So could I maybe get the form from you, fill it out here- and maybe you could-
I don't have those forms, ma'am. I can't help you. That's why you need to go to line two A.
And how long is that going to take?
Ma'am, obviously I have no idea how long it's taking. There seems to be a bit of a line there. It looks like thirty forty people. It could take four to five hours. I'm sorry.
I don't-
There's nothing I can do for you, ma'am.
I don't have time for this today, and-
But, obviously I don't have time for you to stand here and waste my time in this line. There are other people who need service behind you who are waiting for the right things.
Is there anything you can do? Please, have some compassion. Is there something you can do?
I am a very compassionate person, and I'm offended that you imply that I'm not. Of course, I'm compassionate. Look, I work in the D.M.V.. What do you think I am? Go wait in line two A.
Don't ask me to have somebody else come over here and move you myself. I can't come back over there. I'll get security if you need me to.
Please, I don't think that's necessary. I'm just asking, maybe you could call over and say that somebody miss informed her because I didn't pick to stand in this line. I asked them where to stand, and they told me here.
what, no, I'm sure they did not tell you here.
No, they did. The lady over there told me to stand in this line and I've been here for an hour.
what The lady, what? the janitor?
No.
No, I'm not, I'm sorry.I'm not stupid.
I'm not saying that you're stupid, ma'am. I think you just said that you were stupid.
Isn't there anything you can do? Just call over and ask them if I can go to the front of the line in the other line.
It doesn't work that way here, ma'am.
Why not?
There is a strict system here. You need to wait in the right line for the right thing. This is the line for registration.
Except they're going tell, are you going to tell me the right line to stand in this time at least?
I told you it was line two A.
Right, well, last time they told me, it was this line, and obviously, it's not true.
I don't know who told you that but they were wrong. I'm sorry.
Do you have a manager I could speak with?
Are you being straight with me?
I'm being very straight with you, ma'am. There is nothing I can do for you. You need to stand in line two A.
Fine.
Only a trivial little broach.
Not at all. I quite like it. I wear it often.
[garbage], No, I didn't. You worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
You must admit that he was in love with you. wasn't he?
Oh, maybe a little. Nothing serious.
He let him kiss you. You said you did.
Well, what of it.
Well it gave him a lot of pleasure and it didn't hurt me.
Well, that's a nice point of view I must say.
I'm getting very bored with this conversation.
Me, too, bored stiff.
Do you want some brandy?
No thanks.
I think I'll have a little.
It's becoming a habit with you.
Don't be stupid.
Amanda, really.
Nothing. Are you going out somewhere, darling?
Just making myself fascinating for you.
Um- Well, that reply has just broken my heart.
No, it isn't.
No, it it is not, be quiet.
It's a pity you didn't have a little bit more brandy. It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
Nonsense, they've got a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap!
They sting.
They snap.
So, did you see much of Peter Burden after the divorce?
Yes, I did quite a lot.
You must have let him kiss you quite a good deal more then, huh?
I'm sure you had a riotous time, no restrain at all, very enjoyable. You never had much anyway.
You're quite insufferable. I do imagine it's because you're drunk.
I am not the slightest bit drunk.
You always had a weak head.
I do believe that I have said already that I had three minuet liquor glasses of brandy in the entire evening. A child of two couldn't get drunk of that.
Oh, really? How about a child of three, or child of six, what about a child of nine?
Not- Would you shut up.
You know, we could get a really good debate going on about this. You know intemperate tots.
You're not very funny, dear. You better have some more brandy.
You know what? That's a very good idea. I think I will.
You better turn that off, I think.
Because it's very late and you'll disturb the people upstairs.
Well, there are people downstairs, I suppose.
This is no time of the year for Tunis.
I do I shall do no such thing.
Very well. If you have to be boorish and idiotic.
Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
Turn it off!
Go away! Go away! I- I hate you.
Very amusing indeed.
You know what, I'm sick and tire of listening to you. You're a-- You're a total sadistic bully.
Ja! Very funny.
Stop. Would you just go away? I mean, you're conceited, and overbearing, and utterly impossible.
You are a vile tempered, wicked living, evil little beast. And I hope I never set eyes on you ever again.
This is the end! Do you understand me? This is the end.
Oh, you're not going like this.
Yes, I am. Let go with me
[GARBAGE] No, you're not.
You are a cruel fiend and I-I loath you. I thank God I realized who you are before I decided to marry you again. Oh my God, never!
oh! Marry you again? I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on bended knee.
Beast
You're a wicked little vampire. And I pray to God I never set eyes on you again as long as I live.
Brute
pig
Look at this, all of the hairs are standing up on my arm.
That's the wind.
Well, so, what do you think?
About what?
About what I was saying.
Not just me, look at all of these people.
Carla, can I ask you something? Now, don't take this the wrong way, but are you on your period?
Don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that, you always ask me that. It's insulting.
Well then, what's bugging you?
We just have different ideas of what this night is supposed to look like.
There is nothing to it; we come down here, the fish arrive, they flop around, they do their fish thing. We go ooh, ah, look at the fish and we go home.
For God- Grow up, Augie. The fish are not going to arrive.
Why not?
Because they never do. Have they...Have they ever?
We've missed them twice.
Twice is every time we have tried; that's ever.
They'll show up this time.
I feel like my whole life is going to be spent standing on this beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for fish to show up. And the fish never show up.
You don't understand anything I am saying.
No. Of course not.
I feel like I'm always just standing here waiting. I feel like this night is going to be the night, but it never is.
It's just fish, it's nothing to get traumatized over.
For God's sake, this is not about fish.
Okay. I'm trying to work this backwards and pinpoint the exact moment where we took a turn for the worst here.
Okay. So you were fine during that phone call from Marge and then dinner was okay. And doing the dishes was fine and then I was going to take a shower and you're watching the news and you said the grunions are running tonight, do you want to go? And I said, sure great, let's go.
Okay. So I am putting out the pets, getting the car out of the garage.
Do you remember the first year we came here? It was like four years after we got married.
You whispered the sweetest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so I could feel them as much as hear them. And I remember thinking, this is it. You know, finally, I am as happy as I'm supposed to be.
It's when we were driving past that Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, let's get some champagne. I said no, time's a wasting or something like that.
dancing barefoot in the sand.
That's what it is? Right? You want this to be like the other time, right?
I'd rather not remember some things. I'd rather not hope for some things.
Sure. All right. Okay.
Listen, do you want to dance?
No.
Do you want me to go get some champagne?
Do you want to take off your shoes?
No, no. Nothing.
Do you want to get married again?
No.
No.
[BREATHING]
No I'm just like you. I thought it was going to be all roses and peaches and the bills would just pay themselves. And we'll have three, fat rosy cheeked children. Huh, baby, the joke's on us. Because you know what you get?
Do you know what you get? You get this.
This? What is this? This is nothing. This isn't even anything.
Yes it is.
I mean this is a lot of things, but it's just...
[BREATHING]
Do you understand what I am saying?
I'm doing the best I can.
I know you are Augie, I know.
I know you meant this to be special, I know that you wanted it to be right, but I just can't help thinking that, I can't help wishing that I was somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with someone else, too.
I didn't say that.
I just- I know I don't make you happy.
You're the one who probably wishes he was with somebody else. Somebody who doesn't take things so seriously, who could enjoy herself.
You know, actually now that you mention it, no I don't.
So maybe we are in the wrong spot, but we are with the right person.
I don't know, it seemed like such a good spot to me.
We have a great view of the moon from here, though, huh?
Hmm. I noticed that, it's pretty. Big old white moon.
[BREATHING]
And look what I got here.
Augie, you bought refreshments.
I guess we don't need glasses.
[BREATHING]
Do you want to go home? Are you cold?
I'm beginning to think this might be the right spot after all.
Augie, I'm sorry.
Shh. If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
Or not.
Or not.
You're not sorry you came? M: How'd you know?
from her point of view, why else would I come?
You feel it's wrong here, don't you? This yard, this chair. I want you to be ready for me. I don't want to have to win you away from anything.
I almost got married two years ago.
You started to write me and--
Every day since.
I will never forgive you. Why did you wait all these years? All I did was sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
No. Nothing like that.
Then, what's wrong? I mean, even in your letters there was some--something ashamed.
Yeah, I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.
You've gotta tell me.
I don't know how to start.
It wouldn't work this way.
It's all mixed up with so many other things. You remember overseas, I was in command of a company?
Yeah, sure.
Well, I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
Oh, gee.
It takes some time for a guy to toss that off. 'Cause they weren't just men.
For instance, one time, it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks. I put them in pocket. It's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had.
They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other. I mean that exactly. A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
I got this idea watching them go down. Everything was being destroyed, see, but it seemed that there was one new thing being made. A sort of responsibility. Man for man.
You know what I mean? To show that, to bring that onto the Earth again, like some kind of monument and everyone would feel it standing behind him and it would make a difference to him.
Then I came back and it was incredible. There was no meaning in it here. The whole thing to them seemed like sort of a bus accident. I went to work with Dad and that rat race again.
And I felt what you said, ashamed somehow 'cause nobody was changed at all. It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys. I felt wrong to be alive to open the new bank book, drive the new car, see the new refrigerator.
I mean, you can take those things out of a war, but when you drive that car, you've gotta know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man. You've gotta be a little better because of it.
Because otherwise all you have is really loot and there's blood on it. And I didn't want to take any of it. And I guess that included you.
You still feel that way?
What'll I do with a fortune?
You're the only one I know that still loves his parents.
Yeah. I know. It went out of style, didn't it?
No, it's all right. There's nothing wrong in that, you know.
It's really lovely here. The air is sweet.
You're not sorry you came?
No. I'm not sorry. It's-
Well, for one thing, your mother so much has told me to go. [LAUGHTER].
Well-
What?
Well, you've been embarrassed ever since I came.
Oh look, um, well, the thing is, I was planning on, planning on sort of sneaking up on you over a week or so, and they-they take it for granted we're all set.
I, I guess that's why I asked you to come.
Well, I mean,
Oh, Annie.
from her opinion, why else would I come here?
Annie, I love you.
I love you a great deal.
I-I love you. I have no imagination. That's all I know how to tell it.
Well, I guess that's why I came.
I'm embarrassing you. I didn't want to tell you it here. I wanted to go somewhere that would be brand-new to each other. It feels wrong here, don't you? This yard and this chair.
I don't want to win you from anybody. I want you to be ready for me.
I've been ready for a long, long time.
You felt something that far back?
Every day since.
Why didn't you let me know?
Give me a kiss, Annie.
Give me-
I don't know if I ever can forgive you for that. Why'd you wait so long? I sat in my room wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.
We're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
I kissed you.
Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris.
Let's drive somewhere. I want to be alone with you.
No. What is it? Is it your mother?
No, no, no, no. Nothing like that.
Well then tell me what's wrong. I mean, even in your letters there's something ashamed.
Yeah. I guess there is. I guess I was, but uh- it's going from me now.
You should tell me.
I don't know where to start.
But, Chris, it wouldn't work like this.
You know when I went overseas. I said I was in command of a company.
Yeah, sure.
Well, I lost them.
How many?
Just about all.
Geez.
It takes a little while to toss that off. Because they weren't just men.
For instance, one time, it had to have been raining several days. There was this one kid, he came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks. Put them in my pocket.
I mean, that's-that's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had. They didn't just die. They killed themselves for each other. And I mean that exactly. A little more selfish and they'd still be here today.
And I, and I thought something watching them go down.
Everything was being destroyed, see, but there was one new thing that was being created. A kind of responsibility, man for man. You understand me?
And to show that-to bring that onto the earth like some sort of monument standing right behind us where everyone could feel it and it would make a difference to him.
And I came back here and it was incredible. There was no meaning in that here. The whole thing to them was a bus accident.
And I went to work with dad and that rat race again. And I felt what you said-ashamed somehow. Because nobody was changed at all. It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys.
And I felt wrong to be alive. To drive the car, to see the new checkbook, to see the new refrigerator. I mean, you can take those things out of the war. But you got to know that when you drive that car that that came out of the love a man can have for another man. And you got to be a little bit better because of that.
Otherwise, what you have here is loot; and there's blood on it.
And I didn't want to take any of it.
And I guess that included you.
And you still feel that way?
Because you can't feel that way, never again, Chris. You hear me? Never. I mean, the money and me too.
Annie,
Annie, I'm going to make a fortune for you.
What am I going to do with a fortune?
I don't know, Brian, if they uh--it's been three years.
Hey, you just got to keep on going.
No, I don't know, I--maybe this isn't for me. You know, maybe this isn't the right business for me.
No, don't think like that.
I just, I see all these other people getting commercials and work and it's like I'm not getting anything.
I have no money behind me. Nothing. I'm twenty five and--
Russel Crowe wasn't forty until he got his big stuff. M: We're in-- M:
If you really want to do it-I mean,
So I'll have to wait twenty five years-
you got to do.
-just going and auditioning and auditioning and rejection after refection, it's like--
You could. You could. We just--
we're just pooling our funds together.
I know, I just don't know if I can handle it. I mean, you're helping me so much financially it's like I can't survive on my own without you. I don't like that.
You don't owe me anything.
I feel like I'm not doing anything. Like I'm not giving anything into this world.
You are, you're going to class, you're learning, you're getting better. When you finally get that role you're going to be prepared.
Yeah, but what if I never make it? What if I studied all my life, this theatre, this acting, and I'm never going to get anywhere. I'm never going to be able to have a job.
Oh my God, Anna, you're still young. Don't even think about that.
Time is passing by. Every year it's
a part left than I can do.
You're only twenty five, okay? Some people don't start until they're thirty five.
Yeah.
I don't know, I just [BREATHING] I get frustrated
What would you do- What would you do if you didn't? You can go to law school.
That's the thing. I don't know. I don't know anything.
Law school? Maybe.
See? So you can't just quit now.
Have you been going to auditions and stuff?
Yeah. I mean, I get a call-back and stuff, but-
I just, I need a break. I need something to break me out.
How's the job? Still waiting tables at Denny's?
Well, they tip well.
[BREATHING] Brian-
it's not funny. I just don't know what I'm going to do.
Maybe you could start teaching. I don't know.
Yeah, I guess I could.
Go back to school. You know? Another three more years, get your master's.
Yeah
Close to thirty. Oof, it's going to be tough.
[BREATHING]
Hi, my name is Shiloh, welcome to--Airline Six. Hi, how may I help you?
Yeah, hello.
Ok. I've- I've just been talking to this machine for the past half hour and I can't-can't get anything done. I've been trying to book this vacation this entire time.
All right, sir.
I know, I'm sorry. It's-It's just that it's been a little frustrating because--
I completely understand. Automated systems are very difficult sometimes.
Okay.
Um, how may I help you. You're trying to book a specific flight?
Well, yeah, I mean I heard there was like these package deals and that maybe I could get a like a hotel or something like that. and-
Oh, yeah, absolutely. You know, and especially because you've been waiting so long and I know that, um, you've been having a difficult time.
I want to definitely give you our special package today, which um is usually only for valued customers who have a record of having previous,
um lots of purchases, but we're gonna go ahead and give that to you anyway. uh, Just to make sure that you're happy with your service here.
You- You can do that--You can do that now? I don't have to get like transferred through or anything like that.
Is that all right?
I can do that right now for you. No, absolutely. I can take care of you all the way through to the end.
All I'm going to need is your credit card number but just give me one moment. So-
[BREATHING] that's good.
um, you're scheduling a flight as well--And you would like to, um, we have a highly discounted hotel rate that goes along with that so that everything is all in one deal. You're taken care of by the time that you get there. F: Uh huh. Yeah.
All right. I want to make sure it's like a nice hotel--I mean-mean I'm gonna be paying a lot of money for this so I don't wanna-I don't wanna, you know, I don't wanna to be a waste of time.
Absolutely. we we
Yes, I completely understand. Actually, our-our airline only uses five star hotel and above. Except we charge at a three star hotel rate because, as a corporation, we are able to get a deal from the hotels themselves.
So, you will absolutely be in a high rated great hotel and we can make sure that it's in a area of town that you like as well.
Okay. So--
Yeah.
Well, you know, we wanted to--we wanted to go to Maui and--That was a
Okay.
--you know, the kids wanna go to the beach and stuff and so--um
Great. How many seats?
Well, it's gonna be four of them.
Okay. Great. Four seats. I'll book you for four seats.
All right. And can they like all get together?
Oh, yeah, absolutely. Um- Would you like window seats or aisles?
Um- You know, window is nice. I guess
Okay, I can do um- a win- -two like a window and a aisle and a window and an aisle next to each other so that each of you can sit two by two. And switch around maybe? M: Okay.  Okay.
Okay. Great. What time of the day would you like?
Uh, well, yeah, I think we were just--you know, whenever best available, I guess. You know--
All right. Great. Well we have a very open flight that leaves at nine a.m. and fortunately uh the time change actually goes um backwards from that.
So, it's a five hour flight, but you'll arrive only at eleven a clock in the morning. So that day, you can have plenty of time to get to your hotel--Rest up and then still have a nice afternoon your first afternoon in Maui. M: Okay.
And, like, there's there's shuttles or something that I can get to the hotel.
Absolutely. That actually goes in on the same package with our hotel. You just give me your address. We'll come and pick up a time that allows you to get to your flight with plenty of time to spare.
And a there will also be a shuttle waiting for you to take you to the appropriate hotel.
Yeah--I completely understand. It's a difficult process sometimes and we want to make traveling as easy as possible.
All right. So we're confirmed then or do you--All right.
Absolutely. Thank you so much for calling and we hope that you will come to us again.
Okay.
Thank you.
Sweetheart, I've got to tell you something. I just got a call. I'm going to Iraq.
I know it's really crappy timing, but I don't have a choice.
I don't have a choice. I have to go. If I don't go, they'll come and take me.
No, we have- There's got to be something you can do. You can't go.
I've tried everything. I've called everyone I know. I've tried everything. No one can do anything for me or they won't do anything for me.
I know.
I don't want to -- the kids. You've got to take care of them. You've got- you've got to-
tell them about me and show them pictures of me and everything like that, because they are not going to see me for such a long time. And it's such an important time and I just don't want to miss it.
There's got to be something we can do. You can't just go.
I don't have -- I know. What are we gonna- What are we- just run away? What can I do? Where can we go?
Why don't we do that- Can we- Can we just leave the country?
What would be the worst that would happen if they found you somewhere else?
They'd put me in jail and then how long- when will I get to see the kids? What, ten years? I don't know.
Well, they're so young.
I know. But I'll-I'll send the pictures all the time and I'll write them emails and you can read them the emails that I send them.
I'm gonna be in Bagdad, just doing security.
I just want to be honest with you. I don't want you to .
but, it's gonna be fine. I'm gonna be fine. You know I'm good at this. I can do this. That's why I trained all this time. I'm good at this. Okay?
I know. I know. I know. But, you know what? That doesn't mean it's gonna be me; does it?
No. It doesn't. And you can't think like that.
I don't want you to -- I know. I know. You can't worry about me. You've got to worry about the kids. And you've got to take care of the kids for me. Okay? Take care of the kids for me; all right?
It's just so much.
I'll miss you, baby.
[GARBAGE] You have to write me everyday.
All- I'll write you everyday, all the time. And I'll send you pictures and you send me pictures. I know We've got email out there. We've got email and I can see stuff and you can send me stuff all the time. Okay?
yeah yeah yeah.
You you record every second. You record every second because I want to see it all. Okay?
okay.
[GARBAGE]
Hello. This is Viacom Services. How can I help you?
Hello? God finally somebody, look, this is ridiculous. I've been waiting online for like a half an hour now.
I'm sorry ma'am, what can I help you with?
Look my, my phone isn't working. I don't understand what's going on. I am trying to call out. I'm not receiving any calls
and I need assistance with my...not only is my work phone, it's my home phone and look,
this is my business. This is how I make money is through my phone. It needs to be working. Can you please help me?
Okay. Can you give me the last four digits of your social security number so I can verify who I'm speaking with?
two two six six.
Okay. And your name is?
Olivia.
Olivia. Um. Okay. So how long has this problem been?
This has been going on for the past two weeks. I called every single day. Nobody is helping me. You guys tell me the same thing over and over, call again, call again, call again--
So what exactly is the problem?
I don't, I don't know what the problem is. That's what I want you guys to...why is my service not turned on? And I paid my bills on time. I don't understand.
Um- I think part of it has to do with the network being down. It's been having some trouble the last few weeks--
Okay. Well that is, that is fine and all. I don't care. I really don't care because I want my phone to work that's all.
That is I am paying you guys for service and I'm not getting any service. I get, I get just dropped calls all the time and now it's completely not working at all. I can't even call out, nine one one probably wouldn't even work.
I understand--we're not-
No. Okay. We're not charging you for any of these months. We're going to give you three months free.
Well you better. You better give me a whole freaking new phone that's what you better do.
We can give you a new phone--
I want a camera phone actually.
We can do that. We can do that. You just have to sign a one-year contract though with the--
No, no, no... I'm done with these contract business because this is what can happen.
You sign the contract and then down the line the phone doesn't work and you're stuck, you can't go to a new...no. No contracts for me. You give me a new phone.
Besides, it's sort of out of hands at the moment----The whole electrical power outage.
I want to talk to a supervisor
I would like to talk to your supervisor. Obviously you're incompetent and don't understand what I'm asking.
Um- Let me connect you to my supervisor. Actually, he's out right now so I'm supervisor until he comes back. Um-
What?
So you could----speak with me some more, you could call back later on maybe.
That's ridiculous. You know?
No I don't want to call back, you put me on hold for like hours and hours----and it's money, money, money, money and out of my pocket, out of my pocket--
I didn't put you on hold.
There are a lot of people calling us having problems. Every phone company is having the same problems ma'am
Every phone...every single phone company?
Mmm hmmm. Mmm hmmm. The power outages, everything, hurricane Katrina. Everything's really messed up.
This is ridiculous.Well what are we supposed to do? We starve then because I can't use my phone cause
I am a realtor and this is my business. People are calling me all the time but you know, and I don't have a land line. I can't afford to have a land line
don't you-
I'm really sorry ma'am. There's not----a lot we can do for it.
That you better be sorry.
Well you're not helping me at all. God this is so frustrating.
What I can do for you, if you want to make a call right now I could contact you through our computer. I can call through my phone and you can speak through me.
What? No. That's way too complicated. Look--
you need to fix my phone. I don't care what you have to do--
I'm sorry it has to do with an electrical power outage and stuff--
Well, okay I'm going to give you a free phone card that you can use at any payphone and that's on us. Okay?
Yeah yeah, woman going out in South Central on the payphone at night. Oh that's real safe.
I'm, I'm sorry you chose to live there um--
No, no, no. I didn't choose to live here. I work there. Okay? Yeah. work work work
Well I'm sure maybe there's a phone at work you could use.
We can't call out. We can't make out-- line. I don't work, I work at another office.
A law firm. Thank you very much.
All right um--
I work out of my home as a realtor and because I don't have a land line, I need a phone and because of now I don't have one I don't know what to do. And you're not helping me at all.
In fact, give me your name sir, what's your name again?
My name is Sara.
Okay. Sara what?
Sara Brown.
Sara Brown. Sara Brown, um- yeah, I'm going to get off the phone with you. And then I'm going to call back and I'm going to give your supervisor your name because you're obviously incompetent to work here.
You know maam, we record this conversation so anything you say can be proven in a law of court so keep that in mind.
What are you, what are you a police officer now? You know, like I'm done, I'm over it. Goodbye and I hope that you lose your job.
Well, so? What do you think?
What I was just saying.
It certainly is not. It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
I am not the only one, look at all these people.
I am sorry. It's just fish to me.
Carla, can I ask you a question? Now don't be upset, are you having a period?
God damn it, Augie. Why do you always ask things like that? It's so insulting.
What's bugging you?
I just had a different idea of what this evening is going to look like.
There's nothing to it. We come down here. The grunion arrives and they do their little fish thing. And we say, Oh, wow. Look at the little fish. They go home, we go home.
For heaven's sake Augie, grow up we are not going to see the grunions.
Why not?
We never do. Have we ever? We never have.
We miss them twice, it's not ever.
Twice is every time we tried, that's ever.
Well We will see them this year.
No, we won't. Augie it's like waiting for Santa Claus to come. I feel like I am going to spend my entire life standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasp expectantly in front of me waiting for the fish to show up and the fish will not show up.
I thought you wanted to see it.
I did, I do want to see it. I always want to see it, Augie.
It's just fish, it's nothing to get traumatize over.
For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.
Okay, I been trying to work this backwards but I can't seem to pinpoint a moment when we took a turn for the worst here.
Augie, do you remember the first time we came to see it? It was about four years ago right after we got married and we thought I was pregnant.
We had a bottle of champagne but no glasses and you ask me to dance so we took off our shoes and while we were dancing, you said the most intimate things right in my ears so I could feel them as much as hear them.
And I remember thinking, Finally, finally. I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
Wait a minute, I got it.
Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne from the bottle.
I rather not remember some things. I rather not hope for some things.
Okay, all right I got it. You wanted it to be like the other time, okay no problem. Listen, You want to dance?
No.
You want me to go get some champagne?
No.
Take off our shoes?
No.
You want to get married again?
What? What You want a divorce?
No no.
A vacation? A new carpet, a poodle? A bag of ice cream, a suicide pack, what what Carla? What the hell do you want?
I want something to turn out the way it is suppose to turn out.
What. Welcome to the human race.
No, no I was just like you, I thought it will be all peaches and roses and- and sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come. And the bills will always magically pay themselves and we will have three fat rosy kids and we will be, HAHA baby the joke is on us.
This what? What is this? This isn't even anything.
Sure, this is standing. This is waiting. This is fighting.
But this isn't anything like I thought it would be.
No, I know me either.
I mean it is just this , I mean it includes a lot and everything and you know it's the sand and it's the full moon and I just-I am sorry but I couldn't help wishing I was somewhere else.
Maybe if you are with somebody else too?
I didn't say that.
No, I know, but. I know I don't make you happy.
For heaven's sake Augie, wherever I am I always wanted to be with you.
Whatever I am doing, I wanted to be with you. I mean you are probably the one who wishes you were with somebody else, somebody who didn't take everything so hard and who knows how to enjoy herself.
Actually, now that you mention it. No, I don't.
Good. So maybe we are on the wrong spot but we are with the right person.
I don't know. Seems like a pretty good spot to me I mean look at the view of the moon you got from here.
Yes, I did notice that. It does look really beautiful on the water. The gold white moon.
Well, look what we have got here.
No, I am beginning to think that maybe this is the spot after all.
Shh, If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
Or not.
Hi.
Hi. Thanks for waiting.
Yeah. This is the fourth line that I have been in.
Can I help you?
Uh huh.
I need my bag.
Okay.
I flew in over three hours ago, I've been in four different lines.
Okay.
I waited the entire baggage- I waited for the whole baggage carousel four times. They told me to go to the next one. I waited through that for three planes and now I'm here.
Okay. Great. I'm really sorry that you had to do that. What's your last name? Let's start there.
Nash.
Okay.
all right- okay. And you lost your bag? Is that- that the issue?
Yes.
Flight seven fourteen.
Uh-huh.
Am I going to be getting, like, free tickets, free mileage. When can I expect my bag here?
Yeah. Yeah, I don't see- I don't see any--
I don't see any record of it, and I-usually when I don't see a record of it, that means um-
we've mistakenly lost your baggage. We're very sorry. On behalf of Jet Blue I would like to apologize for any inconvenience. I am allowed to issue you a fifty dollar gift card which you can use any future flights you want to take with us. I'm very sorry, once again...
for such an inconvenience and your bag, but
Is this a joke?
Yeah.
No, no.
Are there candid cameras? Is this that movie? There's that show, right? Airplane, airline.
No, no. This is real.
No. I'm just giving you money, the bag is gone. If it's not here, I'm really sorry there is nothing I can do because...
this is the only track record that we have and if it's not listed here then it's probably not anywhere.
You're kidding me, this is a joke.
Do you have any idea-- fifty dollars? That's supposed to replace everything that I have? Do you understand how much I have packed in there? Not only does it have sentimental value; it can't be replaced like that. It was incredibly expensive.
Yes.
I know.
We flew in from Paris. I've been shopping for three weeks.
I don't care what you're freaking sign says. Somebody- Somebody needs to replace everything I've got there and give me money for my inconvenience.
Okay. Calm-
Actually, we are not necessarily liable to give you- to even give you this fifty dollars so... it's actually- it's actually really
Do you understand who my husband is?
If you're- if you're- if you're looking for a lawsuit, baby, you've found it.
We are actually not even allowed-- you know, like we don't have to give you this fifty dollars. We don't have to do that.
Oh-Oh. It's a gift. You're-You're helping me out here?
It's a gift.
You know, the airlines can not be held responsible for every bag of luggage that comes through here.
You are cruising for a bruising. You are in so much trouble.
With the amount of--
Who's in charge? Who is the president of Jet Blue?
Um, actually, I don't know. I don't know. Oh really?
Because I probably know him.
Yeah.
Well then maybe you can just call him and he can give you more money. But right now all I can do--
I don't want money, I want my clothes.
Right now all I can do is just give you this fifty dollars, I'm really sorry.
What's your name?
Oh. My name is Sean. Hi.
Okay. I'll do that.
I don't think you have done everything you could do because I don't have my bag here yet.
If you want, you can write a letter. I can give you the address. Yes. An angry--
A letter? I'll make a personal phone call.
Or you can make a phone call. But I think a letter might be a little more-- in my impression, letters have more...
Oh, yeah? Have you gotten letters yet? F: And?
Um, I don't know, where?
U.S.C..
Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.
[LAUGHTER] It's gotta be it, like-
Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.
but big packet, big packet is nice
big packet is gotta be the real thing. yeah
So it's like, yes, rip it open and there it is big - oh, yes.
Oh my Gosh. I thought there was like, maybe going to be some, like I don't know if you are going to get in or not, so I'm really glad that you did.
That's so cool.
Yeah. I know, I know.
it was you know I wasn't too sure I mean you know it was kind of last minute for like the application
and everything like but
Yeah, totally.
it was good, yeah. I mean-
So you're going to be right here in Los Angeles; that is so cool.
I'm looking forward to it.
So can we hang out?
Hey, yes, you know that's - that's what I'm coming for.
Yay.
You're half the reason I'm going. [LAUGHTER]
Oh, yay. Thank you. [LAUGHTER].
No but that's an awesome school. That's so cool.
Oh, totally totally.
You know what I mean, I bet the home games, are just like nuts you know.
you get to like be a part of that.
Like you get to be a part of that. Like the, like the- Like a cult.
What?
[LAUGHTER] I know. I mean part of-
[LAUGHTER] like a- like a- [LAUGHTER] No, but I mean like everywhere you go people know who you are.
Yeah. Right. A cult. I'm looking forward to being in the cult.
Right I know, like you, it won't hurt, I mean national champions last year, wow, you know
Maybe we'll do it again this year.
So you know what you are going to do there?
What's that? ahh Well, you know I'm I'm thinking um I'm leaning towards like communications
I-I don't know. Kind of a broad,
Okay. They have a lot of good schools, right?
yeah, I mean a lot-a lot of good stuff oh, yeah, I mean it's- it's just a really good school; so really, whatever I pick I can't go wrong. I mean I'm just
I'm looking forward to getting there. I mean, God, the campus is cool, you know it's like all just very confined I mean just you know it's a college campus you know it's like
Yes, it's intimate.
I know. It's so cool.
Fair for you, Wow, oh my Gosh.
I mean you got to - you got to show me the ropes 'cause I've never been there before so I mean you know your way around already and- [LAUGHTER]
I will do the best I can.
Well, there are all kinds of awesome secrets so you'll really enjoy it. It's really great. I'm so glad.
Oh, alright.
I'm-I'm looking forward to that. [BREATHING] man, So yeah, I think I'm going to come out a little early so I mean I'll give you a call and we'll definitely-
Yay
Okay. Yes, totally come visit
and we'll explore and you going to have such a good time, you're going to fit in so well, it's going to be awesome
[LAUGHTER] Thanks, yes, thanks, yes That'll be cool.
So Congratulations. That's awesome.
Excuse me.
Do you have your forms?
Yeah.
Let me see them.
Is there a problem?
Who told you to get in this line?
Okay. But I didn't tell you to get in this line if you are filling out this particular form.
Well what's the problem? Let me change it.
This form is a Z.X.four.
You can't-- This is not the line for Z.X.four. If you're going to fill out the Z.X.four, you need to have a different form of ID.
What? I'm getting an ID. This is why I'm here. My wallet was stolen.
No. I need another set of ID to prove this is actually you.
How am I supposed to get an ID without an ID? How does a person get an ID in the first place?
I don't know. But I need an ID to pass this form along. I can't just send it along without an ID.
I'm here to get an ID.
No. I need another ID, a separate one.
Like what? Like a birth certificate?
A birth certificate, a passport...a student ID; didn't you go to school? Anything?
Yes but my wallet was stolen, I don't have anything. I don't have any credit cards, I don't have my ID. Don't you have things on file here?
Yeah. We keep it on file, but we need an ID to access that file.
That's out of control.
I don't understand why this is so complicated for people when they get here. It's just a simple form. I just need an ID.
How long have you been working here?
Clearly. You know, do you have like a supervisor or something?
Yeah. Do you want to see my supervisor? Huh? Yeah. Do you want to see my supervisor? Fine. I'll be right back.
That would - I would appreciate that. Yeah.
Well, so, what do you think?
About what?
What I was just saying.
It's ridiculous.
It certainly is not. It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
I'm sorry. It's just, it's it's just fish to me.
uh, Carla Can I ask you a question? no, don't get upset, but are you having your period?
God damn it, Augie. Seriously, you always ask me that. Why do you ask me that? I hate it. It's so insulting.
What's bugging you then?
I just - We just have different ideas of what this night is suppose to look like.
It's not that complicated. We come down here, the grunions arrive, they do their little fish thing. We say ooh, awe, look at the little fish. And then they go home and we go home.
We We don't ever. Have we ever?
We've missed them twice. That's hardly ever.
Twice is every time we've tried, that's ever
No, we won't. It's like waiting up for Santa Clause or something. I feel like as though my whole life is going to be standing on the beach waiting with my eyes opened expectantly, my hands clasped neatly in front of me, waiting for fish to show up. And the fish will not show up.
Okey, They're just fish. It's nothing to get traumatized over.
You don't understand anything I am saying.
No, of course not.
I did want to see it. I always want to see it. I just- I keep thinking this will be the time and it never is.
I'm trying to work this backwards. But I can't seem to pinpoint the time where everything went wrong here. Okay, so --
you were fine on the phone call with Marge, eating dinner was fine,talking- uh washing the dishes, no problem. All right. So, I'm taking a shower, you're watching TV, the news and you say the grunions are running tonight and I say, Great, let's go. I'm feeling lucky. And so, all right, and I'm putting on my coat, I'm putting out the animals, I'm pulling the car out of the garage.
Do you remember the first time that we came to see the grunion? It was about four years ago right after we got married. We thought I was pregnant. We had a bottle of champagne and no glasses. You asked me to dance. We took off our shoes. And while we were dancing you said the most intimate things to me right in my ear so I could feel them as much as hear them.
And I remember thinking to myself, finally. I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
It was in the car, right? When we were passing Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, Let's stop and get champagne. and I said that times a wasting or something like that, right? You wanted it to be like it was before, right?
I would rather not remember some things. I'd rather not hope for something.
No.
No.
No.
What, you want me to blow in your ear?
Do you want to get married again?- What? What, do you want a divorce?
A vacation?
No.
A poodle, a backrub, a spa, a suicide pack? What, Carla, what the hell do you want?
I just want- I just want things to turn out the way they are supposed to.
Well, welcome to the human race. Do you think this is what I had planned? Do you think that when I proposed that I had this great fantasy going that four years down the road we would end up arguing on the beach over some fish?
Do you think that I thought there would be times when you would look at me like I was used Kleenex or I would look at you and think, good God, when's the next flight to Alaska? No. No, I'm just like you. I thought it would all be like peaches and roses, and sand in our toes, and wind in our hair, and the fish would always come. And the bills would magically pay themselves. And we'd have three fat rosy kids. But, ha ha, baby, the jokes on us!
Because you know what you get, Carla? You know what you get? This.
Right.
But this isn't at all what I wanted it to be.
Now, I know. Me either
This is just this. I mean, it's a lot and everything. But it's not, you know, something else. Am I making any sense?
I'm trying the best I can.
I know that, Augie. I do. I know that. And and I know that this meant a lot to you and and it's special, you know, with the sand and the moon but.
But I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
Maybe if you're with somebody else, too?
I didn't say that.
No, I know. But I know I don't make you happy.
For heavens sake, Augie, whatever I am doing, I'd rather it be with you.
Yes. Don't you know that? I mean, You're probably the one you wishes you were with somebody else, somebody who didn't take everything so hard and who knew how to enjoy herself.
Actually, now that you mention it, no. I don't.
I don't know. I think this is a pretty good spot. I mean, look at the view of the moon from here.
Yes, I did notice that. It does look really beautiful over the water. Big old white moon.
Oh, well look what we've got here.
Well, it isn't champagne.
No. I'm beginning to think you might be right. I think this might be the spot after all. Augie, I'm sorry.
Or not.
Or not.
Check this out. You know how I've told you I've been really into like softball recently?
Yeah.
Well, this is totally random, I got this full ride scholarship to go to U.S.C next year to play softball.
[LAUGHTER]. For softball? That's unbelievable. Is it slow pitch?
For softball. They're going to pay me to go to school. Isn't that awesome?
Yeah. Well, I don't--well yeah I can pitch, I'm not like the pitcher though. I'm like the pinch hitter guy I mostly just hit. But I guess I'm going to have to... Yeah, and then I play shortstop too but... It's so ex- The good news is I get to stay here.
Pinch hitting softball.
That is incredible.
That's amazing. They pay for everything?
I know. For softball, yeah.
Your housing, books, everything? That is incredible.
Yeah, everything. Every like- free ride and I get to, you know, like be on like a Trojans sports team too. And it's like cool. Isn't it awesome?
That is incredible. Do you get like a per diem?
I don't know. I should ask. Yeah, I will.
You should...You should look into that.
That is amazing, congratulations. Good for you.
Thank you.
But I don't know I want to live in the housing that they give me though 'cause I think I want to you know like get like a nicer place.
Oh.
Yeah, that you probably. You should see one of these Victorian houses around by.
Where should I move?
That's a really good idea. Or I could go to like Santa Monica. Go beach. Venice beach, yeah a little dirty though. I don't want to go to Venice beach. But - Malibu. All right.
Oh. Venice beach. F: Mmhmm.
Oh, you don't like that. You're west-sider?
Okay. That would be way too much of a commute you can't do that. Especially- I know especially from--I don't know, what I was going to say, I don't know.
Professional softball player Malibu. [LAUGHTER]
I don't know. Commuting from what Malibu that would be ridiculous.
Oh yeah, that would be. Well, depends on what type of car you had, though too. I guess it would be worth it. helicopter. Yeah, helicopter. There is a helipad there, right? Yeah, exactly.
Oh yeah. He'd drop you right off at practice?
They have those neon--softballs. They're like day-glow you can see them anywhere.
Oh. That is incredible. Is it--
do they have a--is it a co-ed softball team? I mean... Really? You know, I didn't even know that they have that.
They do it's--believe me it's huge.
Who do you play? Like do--are you like... nationally ranked?
I just got into it. I just kind of fell into it. Literally I was walking around and...
That is unbelievable.
It's pretty wild.
I would put that right up there with--ping-pong.
Yeah, well I doubt [GARBAGE] ping pong [GARBAGE]
I mean not to denigrate what you are doing. I think that's great.
No, no. I love softball. I played softball all the time.
I am not saying you should be. I'm not no. I think it's great I think you should be incredibly proud yourself especially because you're going to U.S.C for free for doing it. For free.
For free that's really what it's about. I mean who cares I mean if I have to play softball all the time?
Yeah we have like away games and stuff.
But you know I'm like [GARBAGE].
You're like the rookie? The new kid.
Just watch in five years you'll be like on the force. You carry around donuts in your back pocket... [LAUGHTER]
I'm going to have a mustache...On the force...
Pull over..
Why did he invite her here?
She's been in New York three and half years why all of a sudden-
Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.
Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
What do you mean? He lived next door to the girl all his life, why wouldn't he want to see her again?
Don't look at me like that, he didn't tell me any more than he told you.
He's not going to marry her.
How do you know he's even thinking of it?
Well, so what?
What's going on here Joe?
-She's not his girl Joe; she knows she's not.
You can't read her mind.
Then why is she still single, I mean New York is full of men, why isn't she married? Probably a hundred people told her she's crazy but she's waited.
How do you know why she has waited?
She knows what I know, that's why. She's faithful as a rock. In my worst moments I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.
Look it's a nice day, what are we arguing for?
Nobody in this house dares take her faith away Joe. Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.
What do you want me to do about it?
I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you. Don't you think I haven't noticed since he invited her, I won't stand for any nonsense
But Kate
Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself. And laugh -- laugh at me but
Calm yourself.
I need you to believe with me; I can't stand all alone.
Calm yourself.
Even last week there was a man who showed up in Detroit missing longer than Larry, you read it yourself.
All right. All right. Calm yourself.
Just you above all need to believe.
Don't stop believing.
What does that mean, me above all?
Look at you -- look at you shaking.
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
You're the only one I know who loves his parents.
I know. It's going out of style isn't it?
No, it's good.
It's so lovely here. The air is sweet.
No. But I'm not going to stay.
What?
Well sort of embarrassed soon as I came.
Well the plan was to kind of sneak up on you over a period of a week or so. But uh- they take it for granted that we're all set.
How did you know?
Well, from her point of view why else would I come?
I guess this is why I came.
Anne, I love you. I love you a great deal. I love you!
I- I -I have no imagination, that's all I know what to say, I-I'm embarrassing you. I I didn't want to tell you here. I wanted it to be some place different, some place where we could be new to each other you know.
You feel it's wrong here, don't you- this yard, this chair? I want you to be ready for me Annie. I don't want to win you away from anything.
Oh God- I kissed Annie! I can't believe I kissed Annie! How long I've wanted to do this.
I'll never forgive you. Why did you wait so long? All this time I've been wondering if I was a fool for thinking of you!
Oh Annie, we're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
Not like that, you're not.
Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris. Chris, what's the matter?
Yeah, I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.
It wouldn't work like this.
It's- It's mixed up with so many other things, I-
Remember when I was overseas? I was in command of the company.
yeah sure.
Yeah. I lost them.
how many?
just about all.
Oh gee.
Takes a little time to toss something like that off you know because they weren't just men-
for instance, there's this one time. It had been raining for several days. And this kid came up to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks. you know, He just put them in my pocket.
I know that- that's not a big thing, but it's just the kind of guys I had. They didn't die. They- They killed themselves for each other.
I mean that exactly that-a little more selfish and they would have still been here today.
And I got an ideal, watching them all go down. Everything was being destroyed see and-
but it seemed to me that something new was being created at the same time, a kind of responsibility, man for man. Do you understand me?
And to show that-to-to bring that back onto the earth again like a- like a monument. And everyone would have it standing behind them and- and it would make a difference for them.
And then I went home and it was incredible. It had no meaning here.
It was all like some kind of bus accident to them. I went back to work with my dad, in that whole rat race again.
And I felt what you said- ashamed somehow-because nobody had changed at all. It seemed to make suckers out of a whole lot of guys. and
It felt wrong to be alive-to open that bank-book; to buy that new car; to look at that new refrigerator. I mean, you can take those things out of the war, but if you drive that car, you have to know that that comes from the love that a man has for a man. And you've got to be a little bit better than that!
Do you still feel like that?
I I want you now, Annie.
Because you can't feel like that anymore Chris, you hear me? I mean everything that you have, you deserve. And that includes me. And your father? Your father put hundreds of planes in the air, you should be proud. A man should be paid for that.
Oh Annie. Annie, I am going to make you a fortune!
What would I do with a fortune?
How's it going? How are you feeling?
I ah--
alright.
Hanging in there?
Yeah.
So sad.
It just feels like I was talking to him yesterday.
Yeah.
You guys were real close huh?
He was my only friend growing up.
no one else would talk to me but he would.
He was supposed to be the best man at my wedding.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
You know I was always the one to tell him to be more wild you know?
And he just took it overboard.
What happened? What went wrong?
You know a stupid case of drunk driving it's just...
and the worst part of it is that he was in the car with his girlfriend,
his girlfriend got killed too.
Oh man.
And the car that he hit was his family.
How are they?
The mother and father died--
and the kids are paralyzed in a coma right now.
and just going to the funeral it's-
-do I miss him or do I hate him, you know?
Yeah. Like I mean if you need anyone to talk to or anything I'm here for you okay?
We're all here for you.
I was supposed to see him last summer
then I got busy with work and stuff and three years go by
and then something like this happens you know?
I mean I haven't even talked to him on the phone for the past three months.
He's supposed to be my best friend.
I know.
just things happen in life and you just...there's just no explanation you know? We just don't...
It's so fucked up.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Why is that?
He was studying to be a doctor.
I mean he was...he wanted to help people in poor countries, that is his goal. He didn't care about the money. He just wanted to go and help people.
What the...what am I doing?
Working for corporate America? Wow.
He actually wanted to do something.
Well now you can follow his footsteps, you know? Carry out what he wanted to do.
I can't do that.
Well sure you could.
You should've met him.
He is the greatest...everyone liked him.
Yeah.
I would've loved to.
Now I can't.
Why did he invite her?
Why does that bother you?
It's been three years. Why all of a sudden?
Well maybe- maybe he just wanted to see her again.
Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
How do you know he's even thinking about it?
What's going on here, Joe?
Listen kid.
No, line.
Uh, Then why is she still-she's not his girl, Joe
She's not his girl, Joe. She knows she's not.
You can't read her mind.
Then why is she still single? New York is full of men. Why hasn't she married?
Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish but she's waited.
How do you know why she waited?
Because she knows what I know that's why. She's faithful as a rock.
In my worst moments, I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.
Look it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?
Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe. Strangers might but not his father, not his brother.
What do you want me to do?
But Kate-
Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.
She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces. Look, look at it. Joe-
Calm yourself.
Believe with me, Joe. I can't stand alone.
Calm yourself.
Just last week a man showed up in Detroit missing longer than Larry. You read it yourself.
Alright. Alright. Calm yourself.
You above all have got to believe. You.
Why me above all?
Just don't stop believing.
What does that mean, me above all? Look at you. You're shaking.
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide? What the hell is matter with you Kate?
Next.
Yes, me. Okay, okay here we go.
My window is open.
Okay, so filled out all these forms --
and I have This form of ID here so...
Yes, Jones.
What are you... what's...What are you applying for?
I'm just applying for another ID.
Yes. I'm supposed to have three forms of ID for this. It's a long story, I'm supposed to have three forms of ID for this other job I really don't get into but I need another...
I have it right here, yes.
No, I need your ID to give you a second ID.
It's really simple if you have a problem with it... Maybe you should--
But that's...
That's why I'm here, that's why I was waiting in this line. I need to get another form of ID.
No, I don't have a passport.
You have a birth certificate?
I don't where it is though, I don't have with me. Can I get it from somewhere? I mean...
What do you expect me to do?
I probably have to go wait another line to get my birth certificate don't I?
Probably.
You're very helpful. What's your name?
So can you help me or not?
I am..I don't..I don't understand what you want. A driver's license or a California ID.
Okay. [BREATHING]
I need California ID.
On top of these other two forms of ID which I already have.
No, I don't have driver's license.
Did you even look at the form? I filled it out all these questions--
Don't raise your voice with me.
Don't talk to me like I'm a child.
Okay.
Do you know how long I've been working here? How long have you lived in California?
If it makes you stop acting like a child.
Maybe you never been to the D.M.V. before, maybe you should get back in line. You know what? sit in line again and if you get my number ask for different one.
I am not...I'm not getting to back that line.
Okay, okay let's keep our voices down, okay? I didn't come here to get in yelling match.
I did not come in here to get in a yelling match with you, all right?
Uh huh. I didn't come here get in yelling match either.
Just try and help me.
They don't pay me enough to deal people like you.
Why?
Why, because I'm sick of talking to you.
'Cause you're obviously not talking to me, you're just yelling at me, berating me and telling me I can't fill out forms right.
Oh, no honey. And you're going to miss the Christmas card too. It's a shame. It's going to be a good, nice picture.
So you're leaving tomorrow.
Yeah. They just called.
This is really-this is unfair.
I know.
I don't see [BREATHING]
I don't know what to say. I don't want to go but I don't have a lot of choice.
I mean we both knew that this was going to happen. It's just that I feel that, you know, I don't want Susie growing up without a mother.
And, uh, I'm afraid that if you, you know, when you leave, you won't come back.
I'm going to come back. I need you to believe that.
You don't know that.
I'll believe it, but- I'll believe it but it- I don't know that that's going to happen.
Well you have to have faith because I don't have a choice and I have to go.
Do you think I want to leave you?
You have a choice.
I have to do this. I don't want to leave. Do you think I want to miss seeing her grow up?
I know. It's just you don't have to do this for a living you know.
You're a smart person. There are other things you can do.
Look we both knew what this meant when I signed on
And now- and now it's really shitty timing but now I have to go.
I mean I'm the one who has to leave here. I'm the one who has to leave the two of you. At least you get to be together.
What's that supposed to mean?
I mean we can't-we're not a complete family without you here.
Well I'll come back. What is that supposed to mean? You're not willing to wait for me to come back?
Of course I'm going to wait. I just- I just don't like the idea of this happening because this isn't the last time this is going to happen. You're going to go on more tours and stuff. I just- I can't-
I can't deal with this emotionally.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to leave. I want you to leave the service.
Well I can't very well do it today. I still have to leave tomorrow.
You can do it today. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.
You're not making this any easier for me, you know. I'm the one who has to go and you're really not helping.
Look I'm just telling you that you don't have to go.
I do have to go. And I need to know that you're here waiting for me and that you believe that I'm coming back.
That's all I'm saying... No you don't.
Thanks that helps.
It's just really unfair. This is- this is bullshit.
I feel much better now.
You're acting like, you know, you're the one who's going all through, you know, all this shit and it's really- it's really not.
I know I'm leaving you here with all the responsibility but at least you get to be with her.
Yeah. Of course I do because I didn't enlist in this stupid thing. Why don't you just get out now and then-
I will but I can't right now.
Then go. We'll be here when you get back. F: That's it?
That's how you want to leave it?
I don't know how else to leave it. What, do you want me to lie to you?
You want me tell you that I'm okay with it?
I want you to be okay with it as much as you can be. I mean it's not a great situation but we don't have an option here.
Well I can't be okay with it the same way you can't not go. It just doesn't work that way.
Fine.
It's only going to be a year.
There's nothing I --
You're just going to pick up and leave me and our baby and miss a year of our lives?
It's -- look, it's only a year. It'll go by quickly. Okay.
I know, but I'll be back then. And - and- and we'll have -- we have the rest of our lives.
I can't do that. I have to go.
Do you want to -- do you want to leave us behind? I mean, I don't understand why you have to do this.
I've made a pledge. I can't not do this at this point.
I know that. I know that. I know that.
There's nothing I can do. I mean, I have to go.
And this is what I do. This is -- I mean, this is my life. And I know that you're part of my life, too, and I mean, it's only -- it's just going to be a year. I'll be back.
Can't you ask them? Can't you go back and ask them if you could -- I don't know if you could change assignments or something and you could stay here?
It's not- it's not- It's not like that. It's not like that. I can't do that.
Why not? You could, at least, try. They have to understand
Because it's impossible. There's -- I just can't. I can't.
You won't even know your child when you come back. This -- isn't there someone you could talk to?
Explain the situation to them and then you can stay here.
Look, honey, it's- it's- it's only going to be a year.
It's only going to be a year. I'm not going to miss my son's entire life.
And what happens if, at the end of that year, they ask you to stay longer? Are you just going to agree? Are you just going to absentmindedly brainwashedly do whatever it is they tell you to do?
I'm not going to stay more than a year. I've agreed to a year
Then why do you have to go a year at all?
Because I've already agreed to that.
Well unagree. Tell them that you can't leave right now. I can't do this by myself. I can't do this without you.
Yes, you can. Yes, you can. You know you can. You're a strong person.
It is. It is. It is. It is. I'm going to write you every day.
What else can we do? I -- we don't have a choice in this. Do you understand? You can't come with me and I can't stay here. That's all there is to it.
There has to be something. I mean, we can't just live with this. It's not -- it just won't work this way.
We don't have a choice. I have to do this.
Just tell them no.
I can't do it. I'd love to. I mean, I don't - if you understand, I don't want to stay.
I mean, I don't want to -- I don't want to leave. I want to stay here with you.
Then, can't you please try something? If you go and ask them and they say no, then I would understand, but you're not even willing to ask.
Can't you just make an effort? Can't you just try?
I've asked already. I can't go back.
It can't happen. I have to go. I want to stay really bad, but I can't. There's just no -- I don't have an option.
When do you leave?
Next week.
A week. You're giving me a week to be okay with this.
You can't make it out like I'm happy about this. I mean, I didn't -- I didn't want to put you in this situation.
Well it doesn't seem like you're that bothered by it.
I am. I mean, I don't know. I don't know what else to tell -- you know, I mean, I can tell you. I don't know what else to do. I mean, I've been forced into this situation.
If you really cared so much, you'd find a way out.
There's nothing I can do. I-- I
They won't let you come along. It's not going to happen.
It's a free world. I can go where I want. Wherever you are, that's where we're going to go.
Are you kidding? Please don't be difficult about this.
[BREATHING]
I'm finding a way to make it work. And I will go wherever you go. Whatever I have to do, I will make this work.
Look, I--
You're not really giving me a lot of options.
Where I'm going is not the safest place on the earth. Okay.
But I'm supposed to be okay with you going there.
But I've been trained. You have no training.
You have to. Do you understand me? You have to.
Well I guess we're at a stalemate then, aren't we?
Hi, sir. How can I help you?
Oh, thank God. Do you know how long I've been on the phone for half an hour trying to talk to a freaking human being.
All I want to do is put my, pay for my freaking credit card, and there's something wrong in my bill, Like I swear, it says I didn't paid last month, but I know I paid last month.
Okay.
I put- I've been typing my number in millions of times, it won't listen to me, it's not working, and I can't get a single human being, and finally-
[LAUGHTER] All right. I'm sorry, sir that you've been having a hard time.
This is ridiculous. I- I seriously, I don't understand why you think these automated systems are supposed to like work for anybody. They have never, ever work for me.
I kwon, it is ridiculous
yeah, I understand.
Can you like talk to somebody about this, can you like can you tell them that this is ridiculous and can they change it from now on, is there a phone number you have that I can call that will like automatically be talking to somebody a human being.
Uh- when's when's-
Sir-
If yeah, well if you just slow down we'll um, we'll definitely have your problem solved and after we have your problem solved, then I can transfer you to a manager, someone who can you know, you can voice your complaint to, who will be able to something about it.
Well, okay ,well First off, fine, fine, fine. Let's see, first off, um- yeah my bill's wrong.
Like I know I paid last month, but it hasn't been paid and you charged me a late fee.
Okay, so where?, okay, all right, so where did you uh- locate your your bill?
I got it in the mail.
In the mail?
yeah
So is it, is- is it at all possible that maybe this statement is just old and that the transaction hadn't been processed yet?
Well, when I look online, it says, it says that I was charged a late fee so I'm assuming that I paid on your web site-
Okay.
like I paid right through your own company before my due date but it's still and it even shows my payment there, and then it charged me the late fee afterwards.
Okay.
Okay so, I'll just look it up and you know see what's going on, maybe we can...
Okay.
if I call it up on the screen.
Okay, great, go ahead.
So in the database, it looks as though um, there is a there is like a glitch in the transaction where it hadn't gone through before, but I do see that you paid the, what can you tell me the amount, what was the amount?
It was one ninety eight sixty three. I paid the minimum.
Okay, I do see that on here, and it says that um, it had some trouble clearing for some reason. And I think that was the problem on our end. So um-
Well you know sometimes-- just with online transactions, things happens. so um-
No, No, No, I am grateful.
Yeah, we- Somebody went in and- and cleared the problem and it looks like you're all paid.
Did they take-
You do the direct the direct it um- it's taking right out of your bank account, correct?
Yes, yes, exactly.
Yeah so- That --that did go through.
Are you taking the late fee off of my account then?
Um- I can try to do that for you, certainly.
Because I paid it on time.
Right, right, and since--yeah, since it was just a computer glitch, then that's that should be cleared up as well. So I'm going to go ahead and try and put that into the computer. And if for some reason you notice on your statement in a few days that you've been charged and an overdue fee, then you should just call back and we'll have that.
Right.
Yeah, but if I call back, I'll have to go through this whole rigmarole again. and try to get a hole or someone.
Well I'll give you my direct line and my number so you can- you can get directly to me.
yeah.
That would be wonderful, that would be great seriously.
No problem.
thank you, what's the number?
ahh one eight hundred three two three
three two three
six four nine four
six four nine four. That would be so great, thank you so much.
You're welcome
I'm sorry that it was an inconvenience.
It was horrible, but you've made it much better, thank you very much. Absolutely
Have a good day.
You too, thank you so much, have a wonderful day.
bye bye
Hey, what's up?
Guess what came today?
What?
My acceptance letter.
From U.S.C..
Yes, I am.
Well yeah, that's the general idea. [LAUGHTER]
That's awesome. Congratulations.
Big bad acceptance packet with all the information. I'm going to U.S.C..
That's amazing. Wow.
I know. [LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHTER] Yeah, uh. No.
[LAUGHTER] It's safe around there.
The campus is beautiful. I'm so excited.
I know but you should get like a taser or something. I mean walking around the campus at night-
Do you want to buy me some mace for my, you know, going away present?
There we go. Perfect. M: That'll work.
And a taser. Excellent. Just make sure it's a big knife.
I don't want any of those little puny ones.
So, um- so what are you going to- what are you going to major in?
Well I was thinking maybe underwater basket weaving.
U.S.C. has a major in that, right.
They have - U.S.C. has everything because U.S.C. is the best school ever.
they have that as a major?
That's ridiculous. I don't believe that.
Okay. Well I'm lying but-
Seriously, what's your major?
Well, I haven't decided yet. I want to try some things out.
So you're undecided?
Hey, that's cool.
No, no. It's totally cool. I mean, like, this friend of mine he was- he's been undecided now for, like, the past like eleven years of his life.
okay. Well I'm not going to be undecided forever. [LAUGHTER]
Uh, well-
And it's so close so you can come visit me all the time.
You- you- you'll find.
So this works out perfectly. Because I was worried if I didn't get in to U.S.C., then I would have to go somewhere far away and then- M: yeah, sweet.
You'd have to, like go somewhere else, and, you know, we would be apart, and that would suck.
Everything worked out perfectly.
That's awesome.
I know. We should have a party.
An I got accepted to U.S.C. party.
No. An I got accepted to U.S.C. party. [LAUGHTER]
Oh, that's right. Okay, I see. Right, right, right.
A party celebrating your acceptance.
Right. Now you're with me.
That's cool.
That is why I got accepted.
Well, that's really cool that you're going to be staying in the same city and everything. so umm
I know. M: So, um
I don't know are you, like, I don't know. Are you, like, available or anything?
Well I mean I don't know. It's like you know I kind of had a crush on you throughout high school and, like
I don't know I just thought that, you know, maybe we could, you know, I don't know. It's like, you know, just test the waters anyway. I don't see what the problem is.
What- what did you have in mind?
Movies- movie, we'll go to a movie and a dinner and- and
actually, you know, there's this- there's this really cool restaurant, um, I don't know if you- it's Red Lobster. It's like down on
[LAUGHTER]
Vermont.
Wait, you've been there before?
On occasion I've heard of it.
Oh, so well then you know that it's awesome.
Yeah. Totally.
Right, so we'll go there and then- and then we'll get some ice cream and maybe we'll go putt-putt golfing.
I am totally down with the ice cream.
Okay. Putt-putt golfing?
Eh, we can work that part out.
Yeah, you want to go. No, you want to go. You want to go.
Alright.
I can see it in your eyes. You want to go.
party.
Good. Alright we're so happy.
That's right. Um, so U.S.C. is a really nice school.
I know.
Are you going to take out loans or-
Okay well that's not a happy part. We don't want to talk about that.
Well no. I mean I have some scholarships and some financial aid and stuff but I'll have to, you know, I'll get a job
while I'm in school. It'll be good.
Yeah. It will work out. Maybe I could work at Red Lobster.
I know. Right down the street.
But, um-
I mean, like, I don't know. I'm just saying if you need to make some extra cash. You can, you know
Or library.
I just said the library
or, um, campus cruiser. You can drive people around.
Excellent. Drive drunk people around because you know that's all campus cruisers for.
Right or you can run for student counsel.
Okay. No, that's dorky.
Dorky?
Yeah.
It's important.
Student counsel?
No, it's dorky.
Fine. It's dorky.
Social life. Hello.
But that'll fit you because you're a dork.
[LAUGHTER].
[LAUGHTER].
I dork.
No. But I'm thinking I might, you know, like audition for a play or something. I don't really want to do the sorority thing. I'm not really feeling that vibe with the
Yeah, you don't want to do the sorority thing because you'll probably get used and abused by
lots of drunk frat boys
Yeah.
What have you heard about the Greek system?
I mean it's not really free because you have to pay for it, but yeah.
Well do you think you're going to live on campus or off campus your first year?
I hate to break this to you but you meet people by being cool, so-
Oh, oh, I'm sorry, my bad. I'll have to, like, sign up for summer lessons from you before I go. You can teach me how to be cool before I go to college. M: That's right.
No, no, no. You're right though. I mean, you know, dorms are definitely the way to meet people. I know that I was in an apartment off campus
that happened, you know, that was going on. F: about living in a dorm.
That's what you're saying. I'm right. [LAUGHTER]
me.
Can I help you sir?
Yes you can help me. Where is my luggage?
Well, let me just check on that for you. Where are you coming--?
Yeah. You do that. I'm coming from Baltimore. You know where that is?
Sir, yes it's in Maryland. It's okay...well, I'm...just let me check here.
I had eight hundred pounds of luggage.
Okay. Sir? Can you...if you just give me one moment and let me just check okay?
Okay. Check.
Alright. And you're coming-- Wait, hold on sir. You're coming from Baltimore into LAX right?
Is it there?
Yes.
Okay and this is direct flight?
You don't know where we're at?
God.
I'm asking you if this is direct flight from Baltimore to LAX or if you have to stop--
You're at me and I'm going to try to help you out sir but you just have to cooperate with me--
Okay. What do you want?
How many pieces of luggage do you have checked in?
Eight. And they're all gone.
Eight pieces of luggage. Okay.
And what are you going to do about it? You going to call someone? You going to send me somewhere else?
No. I'm just going to check--
It's my mother's funeral tomorrow and the urn is in the suitcase.
I'm sorry sir.
Yeah.
I'm very sorry but let's check on this immediately. This is definitely an emergency. It seems--
Oh, oh, that's a good deduction.
Yes--it is
Sherlock Holmes. God, where's my luggage?
Sir, Please please, I would ask you to just calm down for a second--
Calm down? It's my mother's funeral tomorrow. I'm the one responsible for this.
Okay. We will find your luggage. Apparently because it somehow...what flight you were taking, you were on Delta?
What is the matter with you?
Sir, I just...you need to calm down is what needs to happen right now.
Don't yell at me.
Okay. I'm not. I'm sorry, I am being--
calm. Sir, okay basically what- what's going to happen here is you're going to give me your contact information and we will contact you--
Oh my God. I think a blood vessel burst in my head.
Please, please
What?
Okay. We can get it here in about seven to ten business days.
What? Are you kidding me?
Yes. Well, because--
Give- Give me your manager right now.
I am the manager sir.
You're the manager? You don't know where you work for, you don't know where you're at and you're the manager?
Whose daughter are you?
Sir?
Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir
What is your name?
My name is Brent Caption.
Now what are you going to do about it?
Alright, so you're not going to believe this. But I went home today. I looked through the mail. And I got an acceptance letter from U.S.C.. F: Uh, huh.
I'm going to U.S.C.. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I didn't even
know you applied to U.S.C..
I did. I did. I've -- yeah, I applied to U.S.C.. I mean, it's really expensive but
it's a really good school. So
That's amazing. I've seen it on TV. Um, Wow. I mean, well what are you going to major in? What are you going to do? M: Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I like to know about history, 'cause, you know, it's- it's just so relevant to the present.
Right.
Yeah.
Yes.
And, uh-
Is U.S.C. known for its history program?
Um, you know, I don't think so. But I think that, you know, it's still a private school
and right you know it's still- and then, you know, I mean-
I know. It's a great school and you know
I'm guessing, you know it's like I I checked it out. And, like, they have a decent history program.
It's all about the connections
So -- and like the geology just is awesome. It rocks, no pun intended. [LAUGHTER]
Oh, you did not just say that.
Um, but, uh- anyway -- yeah, so that's awesome, though, because you live here and then we're not going to be separated by me going to some other school
I know. You're going to be so close.
And, uh, it's just really exciting. I- You know, I'm -- just I want to- I want to share this special happy moment with you. It's awesome
I'm glad you did.
That's great. I mean, I'm really glad you're not going to go anywhere. You'll still be here.
Everything in LA is twenty minutes away.
Give or take. [LAUGHTER] M: whatever
Well congratulations.
umm, and I'm going to check out school and get, you know, check out the courses
find out all this stuff. And- and I don't know. I think I'm going to try to live in a dorm.
Yeah.
Ouch. That's, um -- oh, wow.
But, congrats on the U.S.C. thing.
No, no, I mean, I didn't know -- I didn't know that about you. Um, I feel like --
The -- what, the- I mean-- F: It's not a big deal.
I'll go to basketball games.
Okay. Well that's cool, too, but like--
Maybe some golf matches.
Wow, you are a winner and a half. [LAUGHTER]
I don't know. Do they have golf? Do they have- Does U.S.C. have a -- I don't know if they have a golf team.
No, I'm not going to go to a football game.
Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. No way. M: No way.
I do -- I will need to get a gun-
Okay. Um, but, no, I, uh, I do need to get a gun soon, though, 'cause I mean
Excuse me?
I need to get like a -- just a small little gun just 'cause -- or like a taser or something or just like a butterfly knife
No.
'cause, you know, I mean, it's like If I ever want to go south of campus M: Yeah, but-
Well I need to defend myself from
Hey.
Esmeralda, guess what?
What?
[LAUGHTER] Guess who just got hitched?
This guy. Yeah. Can you believe it? She said yes too. Yeah. She said yes.
Okay we were at Chuck E. Cheese.
Chuck E. Cheese? Ah, man that is so lame.
Are you serious [GARBAGE] man?
Oh like that one movie. What's that one movie I just saw? No. Where she like swallows the...
oh, I don't remember. Everybody Says I Love You with Drew Barrymore...no you haven't seen it? Okay.
[LAUGHTER] So nasty. No you... dirty me?
Ah...Anyways, so she took the ring and she goes, is this real? So I was like, of course--
Sara and I--
She actually asked if it was real? I would've probably asked the same thing considering you were in Chuck E. Cheese.
Come on. It was her birthday.
She wanted...she always wants something spontaneous.
Yeah. That's, you know, okay.
I couldn't, I couldn't afford the Red Lobster. [LAUGHTER] What anyway?
Oh god! You are damn cheap, cheap, cheap. Anyways, moving on. It's not like you're poor. I mean your dad makes... okey
So Okay then and.
I got all the character animals to do a conga line,
dim down the lights and uh, I got on one of the tables pulled her up.
You had the mouse?
Isn't it a rat? It's a rat. Chuck E. Cheese?
Yeah.
Chucky...I don't know. I don't know. Anyways, I pull her up and I go, I go Sarah
You're my guiding light, then they put on that song the I've had the time of my life, that song.
Okay, that is really cheesy Joe.
Oh that's kind of sweet.
Wait, wait, wait I want you to marry me? No, shouldn't you like be more like a question like, would you marry me? Not like I want you to marry me. It's like a demand.
You marry me. I man I Jane, you Tarzan.
She said sure?
Sure? Who says sure? You say yes...I don't like--
How long have you guys been going out?
About two and a half weeks.
Two and ... We love each other. Yeah.
You got to meet her, she's wonderful.
She just graduated from high school and----she's planning to apply for colleges----and stuff.She's so great. She has so much life and energy and stuff.
She must be hot.
Yeah, she is good-looking.
I'm twenty eight years old.
You still act like a boy. And men take a lot longer to grow----I will tell you.
I'm so excited. It's going to be great.
I'm still working at my parents' restaurant. Busing tables.
Oh that's great. My mom said we can move in with her again if we run out of money.
We'll be alright, darling. Whatever happens, aren't we?
I don't care, then.
Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?
Behave exquisitely.
With the mo- with the most perfect poise?
Certainly. I shall probably do a court curtsey.
But what's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.
It's true. The whole business is a very poor joke.
Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?
You mustn't be serious, my dear. That's just what they want.
Who's they?
All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable. Laugh at them. Be flippant. Laugh at everything. All their sacred shibboleths. Flippancy brings out the acid- acid in their damn sweetness and light.
If I laugh at everything, I must laugh at us, too.
How long will it last, this ludicrous and overbearing love of ours?
Shall we always want to bicker and fight?
No. That fire will fade along with our passion.
What happens if one of us dies? Does the one that's left, still laugh?
Well that's serious enough, isn't it?
Let's savor the delight of the moment. Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
Thank you, dear. The same applies to you, except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I will kill you.
Which particular one?
Oh, Charles; that was his name, Charles. Oh, he did wriggle so beautifully.
Horrible thing. I hated it.
I know you did. You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal. I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
It went on intermittently for days.
It burnt my comb, too, and all the towels in the bathroom.
Line?
How -- that was a rouser wasn't it?
That was the first time you ever hit me.
The manager came in and found is rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers. Oh, dear.
How ridiculous. How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
And very much sillier.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
Hi. Excuse me. Um, I'd like to put in this application for my registration.
Hi.
Okay. Let me see here. Um, we need--we need your original birth certificate.
Right. Well. We still need it.
No it doesn't say it on the form.
I mean it just says that you need some form of identification, but it doesn't say what kind of identification.
I mean if I had known--I would have brought it.
um Sorry.
Okay. Um, I'm sorry but I--I can't help you. You're gonna have to go back and uh...
Look, I've been waiting in line for a really long time. I mean, you've seen how long it is.
It's lunch hour.
Right. It's the D.M.V..
I know, it gets long, but I can't do anything without your--do you have Social Security card, maybe?
Well, no. I mean, I don't carry my original documents with me because if those things get destroyed, then what do you, you know what I mean, like if I loose my wallet or something, I'll never have them again.
I have my passport and I have my driver's license. And that's all I have.
Alright, I don't know what to tell you right.
I think you're just gonna--you're gonna have to get 'em and then you can back and then, we'll help you out. Maybe, we can-
But, isn't there anything you can do. Can't you make an exception this one time? My picture is on both of those identifications. It's not like you don't know that it's me.
I can't.
And I can give you my social--
I make an exception for you and I have to make an exception for everyone. I mean, I-I've seen this before and I know it's frustrating, but there's nothing I can do. You just have to-
Well, I can give you my Social Security Number.
No, it's--
And I can tell you where I was born and what time and by who and what day.
Okay. But how do I--that's- that's not proof to me. How do I know that, you know, that it's really you. I need--
I can't go--I have to go back to work. I don't have time to go back to my house and get all of that stuff and then get back in line and wait for another forty five minutes.
Well, the weekends are not as busy. Maybe you can uh, come and try to get here early--
Um, I have kids. I have to take them places on the weekends. I don't have time to come back here. Please. I really need you to help me.
I can't. There's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.
Well. [BREATHING] I just--I just don't. I-I'm sorry that I'm standing here-- But I can't leave. I-
I really need this done today. As you can see, the deadline is almost up and I can't come back.
Ok, but you're right now you're holding up more people in line by standing here-- and letting
Well, why didn't the D.M.V. put that you needed your birth certificate on the application then?
I--when you're going to the D.M.V., you usually need pretty professional identification--
You know, Official documentation--
Yeah, but your birth certificate--I mean, who carries around their birth certificate? Nobody does that.
No, but you come--you come to the D.M.V., it's something-- You should've- You should've figured--
With your driver's license and your passport. Just like everybody else.
But, without your drive--where-where- what about your identification without your driver's license? I mean, you need--you needed something before then?
Who--you always use your driver's license. I mean, you're not coming to the D.M.V. if you're not over sixteen and that's when you get your driver's license so you're never gonna need it anyway.
All right. Well, um, you know, I'd love to help you, but--nothing I can do.
So, if you wanna go get your birth certificate, um, maybe come back--I don't--maybe you can talk to the person in the--in the front of line maybe. I don't know.
Do you have a supervisor?
I am the supervisor. So--
Well, thank you very much. You've been very helpful. M: All right.  Thank you.
What time is it? God, this is great, isn't it? I can't believe it.
Of course I did want to a little further up the coast you know get away from all the lights and people and everything. Is it midnight, do they always start at midnight? Is that what it is midnight? How you doing, huh? You okay? That's good.
Look, there what's that, what's that? Is it--
Ugh...
Oh, no I can't tell though. Although probably if you can't tell it probably isn't them right, yeah. Probably going to be like unmistakable, right?
Gosh, this is great, isn't it? This is awesome. Oh, no you know what I forgot?
Flashlight the silver one. There's only one isn't there?
Oh, well, yeah of course.
You keep saying my flashlight like somehow it's just yours. How's that supposed to make me feel? M: No.
Of course, our flashlight. What's your is mine, mi flashlight es su flashlight.
Gosh, I should have brought it. I can't believe I forgot that.
No.
You know what we should've brought a blanket too. Man, our blanket, our blanket. Wish I had six-pack too, a six-pack would be just the ticket right about now, huh, six-pack.
I'm fine.
Oh yeah, I'm so excited right now I'm like a kid.
I can't believe I got out of the house without my fly zipped up even. M: Eek. Hehe. Oops.
I wonder if they can hear me talk F:[Chuckles]
I'm cold.
Do you want my jacket?
It's after eleven, let's go home.
What are you kidding? We just got here. We don't want to turn around and go home now. What's the point coming all the way down here?
There is no point.
Right.
That's my point.
That's my point too.
Then let's go.
No, wait no, no that's not my point. My point is there is no point and coming all the way down here if we just turn around and go home.
Why not?
It's not stupid. It's a natural phenomenon.
People in Kansas would have to get plane tickets and make hotel reservations to see this. It's only forty minutes away; it's just too good to pass up.
Pass what up? These little fish swim out of the ocean, they flop around on the sand then they swim back and then they die.
I don't know what you're so excited about. This isn't a moon landing we're talking about, it's fish, it's a fish nobody even eats.
Yeah, they do.
Oh, Augie.
Well, okay whatever, okay but it's a fish who do something that like no other fish do, you know, it's like those swallows that return to Capistrano or those like those lemmings that jumped off the cliffs, you know.
It's like a little bit of the unexplainable, a little magic, a little mystery. I just don't see how you can not be interested in this.
I'm not.
Yes.
All right.
I don't get it though, I mean the first time we came here you said it was like the best night of your life...
And last year I remember like distinctively you were so excited to get here that you didn't realize you stubbed your toe until we were in a car.
Last year, you'll also remember we got--our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got into a big fight and we did not see the grunions.
We just weren't in a good spot though.
We didn't see them the year before either.
Come on, trust me I got instincts for these things, okay? So just--just think about it all right? Okay, I know you're not interested, think about it...
Out there, there's like this big mass of silver fish they're heading this way...
They don't know why, we don't know why. No one like sent them an invitation or gave them a map or direction...
They just all turned at once and they just form this line as long as the California coast. And they just started swimming...
Like some little time release fire cracker went off inside their little tiny bodies. And they all turned as one...
And form the line and started swimming, swimming that would bring them to this point here...
It's like urgency that's pure urge you know. It's single-mindedness with no mind.
It's crazy. Look at this, I'm giving myself goose bumps, the hairs are standing up on my arm.
I just got some bad news.
My friend, Shotty, passed away.
Oh, I'm so sorry
The end, he's been sick for awhile. He had cancer.
Oh, my gosh.
Yeah. It's just, I never thought it would actually happen, you know? I mean- He's such a fighter and he's always so positive about everything.
You know, he was gonna, and we -- all the way up to the end we were just talking about how- you know all the stuff we were gonna do and, you know. When he finally kicked this stupid cancer, you know, and we were gonna --
he wanted to travel, you know. And he's so talented. Probably the most talented person I have ever met in my entire life.
What did he do?
He was a designer, you know. But he did everything. You know, He painted and he- and he did costume design, he did set design, he did lighting, he was --
he just did everything. He was literally, literally the most talented guy I have ever met in my entire life.
And he's gone now and I -- I just can't believe it.
Yeah. I'm so sorry.
I mean, one second you think, you know, you're just having a conversation and then --
you know, sometimes you think you want to make that phone call, or you think you want to tell somebody something, or something like that. Do you know what I mean? Like that's -- he was the person that I did that with. You know, like, that's the person who I needed to call to tell things to all the time.
You guys have been-
And now I don't have that person anymore, you know. And it's -- -- it's just, you.
You think that things get easier, you know, as you as you get older and you -
and it just gets worse. It just gets worse, everything is bad all the time; people die, your friends die, family dies, your best friends die. it's-
I'm sorry. I-
You always think, you know when you were- you know when you were a little kid and you think something is gonna happen, like, it will all be better when I am older, you know?
Wow, Ryan I know that you are hurting right now but I don't think you always feel like that.
No, you're right. I don't. You're right.
Even, yeah -- he doesn't he would never feel that way, he would never want me to feel that way. Of course not, but that's just where I am right now and -- -- I don't know what else to do with it.
Yeah. I understand. I think it's really healthy to grieve.
I just miss him.
If there's anything I can do to be there for you.
Thanks.
Uhm, I don't know
So how you feeling?
I don't know what I'm going to do about this; I mean
I have got to get a job, you know? Like-
You've been doing a lot of work for it, right?
Well, yea you know, I get my resumes and I mean I-
Right, so the fact you doing the best that you can is -
I go out all the places I can, every place that'll give an interview you know.
you know you shouldn't give yourself a hard time for that, it's the best you can.
But it's been so long, like what - what am I - what am I waiting -- I should probably just do something else, or
Well, but you care about what you do, right?
I don't know, I mean why - why
Yea, but it's - it's almost like it's not worth it you know, if I'm going to waste to have my life like trying to get a job, I mean once I actually do get the job it's like oh, retirement or something. I don't know, you know. F: Yeah
I understand that it's so frustrating but I know that you're here because you really want it you know and, and uh
I don't even know if it's going to be worth it because I can't break myself in, you know like I can't - can't even get a foot in the door you know.
Well, I mean you're still here you've tried for this long so I think that says something all in itself.
Yea, it says I'm stupid enough to be trying this long and not move on somewhere else. F: No it means you have persistence.
You are persistence. I mean that's important. that's
I mean, I can't- I can't be persistent forever, you know, you can't not have a job forever, you know, I've got- I've got to do something, I've got to make money and get food on the table.
Well, you're talented so keep that in mind, you know, you shouldn't give yourself too hard of a time.
I mean, maybe I'm not, you know. I don't have a job. Maybe - maybe I'm not as good as-as I thought I was and
I just got a whole skewed opinion on just how this is supposed to work out and
I'm sorry.
I don't know, it's just not, I don't know - I don't know what to do really, you know, I'm just thinking
maybe - maybe take up painting, I don't know, you know.
Do something that I don't have to go out and do something, stay at home, I don't know.
Seems like the only option at this point because obviously the outer world has just rejected me of all possible employment.
That's- I mean. There are more factors then just whether you're good or not, you know what I mean like
and the fact that you know there is always different types of things and what kind of people they want in the office and whether it's male or female or you know what I mean, like things are out of your control.
So you should take that in consideration rather than giving yourself such a hard time.
I know, but I mean- if that's the - you know, I'm either like the worst at this or just the most unlucky person on the planet I mean this doesn't
this doesn't happen to a normal person.
You know and the fact you still here and still cooking, like it's good that you're thinking about it, that you're reconsidering.
But like, just because you're considering why it's been so difficult doesn't mean you should just stop.
I mean, I don't know, I don't see - I don't see any other way - any other way around it right now.
Maybe you should take a little break from it, but I don't think you should stop. M: Maybe-
Right. Thanks for talking to me.
He saw it.
He was out there when it happened.
Um, about four this morning. Uh- I heard a crack and I looked out and I saw him standing there.
I don't know. But after it cracked he went back in the house and he cried in the kitchen.
Did you talk to him?
No, I uh-, I figured the best thing to do was to leave him alone.
He cried hard, huh?
I could hear it right through the floor.
I guess he is.
Could he-he's acting just like he did after he died, you know?
I don't know.
But I know one thing, mom. We've made a terrible mistake with dad.
Being dishonest with him. That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.
What do you mean, dishonest?
What, you're going to argue with him?
No, I don't want to argue with him, but it's time that he realized that no one believes that Larry's coming back anymore.
You can't tell him that.
We got to tell him that.
We can't. It just won't work.
You know, for God's sakes it's been three years. No one comes back after three years. It's insane.
They do come back.
All right. Just- Sit down, mom. I want to talk to you.
It's those Goddamn newspapers, you know? I mean, it's like every day they come out with this new person that comes along. And the next one's going to be Larry.
All right. All right. Just come on, sit down.
What?
You know-you know why I asked Annie here, right?
Why?
You know.
I want to ask her to marry me.
Well, that's only your business, Chris.
Come on, you know that's not only my business.
Well, it is. I mean, what do you want me to do? You're grown up; you know what's going on in your mind.
So it's all right. I'll just go ahead with it.
Well, you better make sure your father's not- No- I'm just saying.
See, then it's not just my business. God, you have
-Oh, you infuriate me sometimes. You know, it's not just my business too if dad throws a fit.
Yeah, well I ignore what I got to ignore.
And she-she's Larry's girl.
Well, from your father's point of view she is. I mean, he's still alive. You've got no right to take her.
'Cause listen, I'm telling you, I don't know where to go from there. Do you?
What do you want from me?
Every time I reach out for something I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole entire life, time and time after time.
You're a considerate fella and there's nothing wrong in that.
To hell with that.
There's nothing wrong with it.
I didn't ask Annie yet.
You didn't ask her yet?
I wanted to get this settled first.
Well then I guess it's over then. But from her letters I think she's forgotten him.
I'll find out. But then after it's all over we'll thrash it out with dad, right?
Mom, don't avoid me.
You know, the trouble is you've never had enough women. No, you never did.
So what? I'm not fast with women.
I don't understand why it has to be her.
Because it is.
That's a good answer, but it doesn't answer anything.
I just-
I mean, you haven't seen her since the war. I mean, it's been five years.
It just is. I-
I grew up with her. Okay. All these years, when I think of someone I want to be my wife I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?
No, I don't want a diagram.
He thinks he's coming back. You go-go on and marry her, I mean, you're pronouncing her dead. And what's going to happen to your father, huh? I don't know. Do you?
Okay. All right, then.
Just, listen. Give it more thought, is all.
No, I've given it three years of thought.
But if I can't have that here then I'll get out.
I'll get out. I'll marry her somewhere else. Maybe New York.
You're what-you're going to leave the business? But you can't do that. What the hell is this?
The business. The business doesn't inspire me.
Oh, you have to be inspired.
Yes. I like it an hour out of the day. If I have to grub for money all day long at least that evening I want it beautiful. I want a wife. I want a family. I want some kids. I want to build something I can give myself to.
Now, Annie's in the middle of all that.
Now, where do I find it?
Tell me something.
You'd leave that business.
Yes. On this I would.
You can't do that.
Then help me stay here.
All right, but you can't do that. You can't talk like that.
Okay. Just-
We've worked all our lives for you. Only for you, Chris. The whole shootin' match is for you.
Yeah, I know, I know, just help me stay here, all right?
I'm going to.
I am thinking like that.
I don't know you, do I?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
Yeah. I can see that.
Thank you for calling Sprint. We care about everybody. How can I help you?
Hi. I've been on the phone for an hour trying to get a little discrepancy on my bill fixed. I was charged for two hundred dollars worth of calls that I didn't make.
Are you sure you didn't make them?
I'm positive. They came from like another state.
Can I get your phone number, please?
Uh. Yeah, I just gave it to the automated thing like five times.
I'm going to need it again. I need to look at your file. If you want me to look at your file--
Okay. three two three six nine seven five zero six six. Can we move on?
Okay.
Umm, Miss Aruckman
I am seeing the two hundred dollar charge.
Yes, and I've been through all of the menus, pushed one and star and pound and all of that stuff and I'm just trying to get through to a person who can
Well I'm looking at these.
take off the charges that came from like Nebraska or wherever because, obviously, I didn't make those.
So can you please refund the mischarged charges
So you're saying that you didn't make these calls.
I did not make the calls from B.F.E. Nebraska.
Well I mean, I'm supposed to use discretion in the situation and, um--
So could you discretion it back?
All I can do for you right now is give you a hundred dollars.
Okay, but that's like half
What I can
of the money that I was charged that I didn't make those calls.
What I can do for you is give you a hundred dollars right now and fill out complaint form
which you- which you'll have to go into a local Verizon dealer-- or Sprint.
Okay, no, look, I- I- I- I'm really -- I'm trying to be patient. I know this isn't your fault. I know that you didn't do it
but, at the same time, I have been through an hour of little robot voices telling me what I needed to do.
Ma'am, I understand that.
Ma'am, I - I - I understand that. I understand that. What I can do for you right now is what I'm telling you is that I can do- I can give you a hundred dollars back and then you'll have to fill out a complaint form and then you'll get -- there'll be some investigation. Some men will show up at your house and go through your things.
Excuse me?
And then then you'll get some money back.
How long does that take?
A few weeks. You won't even know that they were there.
I have to wait a few weeks for people come go through my things to get the money back that I didn't spend?
Okay. You know what? I just don't feel like doing this anymore. Um, you can have all the money back, two hundred dollar, right now.
Yeah. That's fine. I just -- that's fine. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't make any difference to me. I mean, it's not like it's going to cost my job or anything.
You're just going to put it back on my account.
I mean, technically, that's policy. But, like, I mean, I don't really care about -- nobody really cares about policy here.
Sure.
Oh, my God, thank you so much.
You're welcome.
I really appreciate this. I know it's not policy or whatever but, seriously M: Of course, of course.
No, no, no, it's cool. It's cool. It's cool. So, um
make my life a lot easier.
You know, so- I mean, are you doing anything later? Or um
Oh, I don't know. I mean, I don't know. I just thought, you know, maybe you want to get some co--I mean, I'm actually -- wait, where do you live? Oh, you're in Los Angeles, I see. Oh, no, that sucks 'cause I'm in, actually in Alabama.
God, that's like a whole problem with like-- But, no, I mean, hey-- if you ever
if you ever come out to Montgomery, I mean, you know, just -- just call up, you know, call up the operator and I'll-- I'll be here. So, um.
I'll
call up the Sprint call center and, uh, you know. cool
Alright. Take Care.
You too.
Well maybe...maybe he just wanted to see her.
[BREATHING] You don't look at me like that. He didn't tell me anything more than he told you.
He's not going to marry her.
How do you know he's even thinking about it?
It's got that about it.
What is going on here, Joe?
Now listen.
She is not his girl. She knows she's not.
You can't read her mind.
Then why is she still single? New York is full of men, why is she still single? Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she waited.
How do you know why she waited?
Because she knows what I know, that's why. She's faithful as a rock. In my darkest moments, I think of her waiting and I know that I'm right.
Hey look, it's a nice day, huh? Why are we arguing?
Nobody in this house dares take away her faith, Joe. You know strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.
What do you want me to do? What do you want?
I want you to-- I want you to act like he is coming back, both of you. Don't think I haven't noticed you since Chris invited her here.
I won't stand for any nonsense.
Kate.
Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself. Oh laugh, laugh all you like but why does this happen the very night he comes back. She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces. Look at it, Joe, look.
[BREATHING]
Calm yourself.
Just believe with me, Joe. Only last week a man came back in Detroit missing longer than Larry. Believe with me. You, above all, have got to believe. Just believe.
Okay. Calm yourself.
I know. All right, all right. All right. Okay. Calm yourself. What does that mean, me above all?
I can't help it.
What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
What is it?
um.
I'm sorry. It's just a lot ahh to explain. ahh I got a call--
I got a call today,
I'm going to need to go overseas for a while.
You got called up.
I thought you said this wasn't going to happen for at least a year.
What am I going to do?
I don't know sigh.
The kids-
I know. I know.
I know. Well, we'll have to figure all that out. I mean, I think the Army's going to provide childcare and help us out with that. um.
Where do you have to go? Where are you going?
Iraq.
I think infantry. I'm not sure.
It's going to be at least six months, probably a year. I tried.
I don't understand why they would just do something like this?
I know, I know. It's really, really messed up.
It doesn't make any sense. It's stupid. I told you you shouldn't go in the Army.
I don't know I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know how to-
Well, maybe you should move in with my mom and she can help.
I don't know, I'm just--I'm trying to think of something.
You can't what?
I don't think there's anything we can do.
I'll tell them I'm sick and that you can't leave something.
It's not fair.
I know. I know it's not fair.
Why has to be you? There's all those other people. Somebody else can go instead. It's not right.
Well, apparently nobody else can go.
I don't know. Baby, why are you asking me this? It's just as hard for me. Please, try to understand that.
I understand, baby. I'm sorry. I mean try to understand I'm I'm scared myself.
I understand. I'm worried about you. I don't know what's going to happen to you.
I know.
I know.
I jus-
We'll figure something out. We just have to ... we just have to think about this. Could any of your family help us?
I don't know.
Yeah. I guess. I don't know what they're going to say.
Yeah, we'll call them. We'll figure something out. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You're right.
I'm going to miss their first words.
I know.
You'll have to send me pictures and letters everyday.
All the time, every day, every day. They have e-mail over there and stuff like that, right? I can send you pictures.
Yeah, as much as I can.
sigh Three weeks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I love you.
I love you. I'm going to miss you so much. sigh
The only one I know still love his parents.
Yeah, that kind of went out of style didn't it?
Oh it's not bad thing it's good thing.
You're not sorry you came?
Not sorry, no. I can't stay here.
Why not?
For one thing your mother as much as told me to go.
[BREATHING] And then you've been kind of...
What?
You've been kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.
You did?
From her point of view why else would I come?
Yeah--
Ann, I love you. I love you. F:[LAUGHTER]
I almost got married two years ago.
Why didn't you?
Everyday since.
why didn't you let me know?
Because I was waiting for you, Chris. Till then you never wrote me and then when you did, well, you sure can be ambiguous you know.
I kissed you. I kissed Annie.
I'll never forgive you for waiting so long. All I did was sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking about you.
I kissed you.
Chris, what's the matter?
Do you want to go somewhere? Let's go.
No, what is it? Is your mother?
No, no, it's nothing like that.
I don't know it's--it's complicated. But it's going from me now. F: You got to...
You got to tell me.
I don't know. F: But what if...
It's kind of all mixed up with all these other things.
Wouldn't work like this.
you know over seas I was in command of the company?
Yeah, sure.
Well I lost them.
How many?
Pretty much all.
[BREATHING]. Geez.
Takes awhile to toss something like that off. I mean they weren't just men, you know.
For instance, there was this one time when this kid--it had been raining for like several days and he gave me his last pair of dry socks.
He just put it in my pocket that's the kind of guys I had.
They didn't die they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly, you know a little more selfish and they'll all be here today...
And I had this idea as I was watching them go down like everything was being destroyed, you know. But I felt like this one new thing was being made, you know it's kind of like this. This monument...
You know, that they were bringing something on to this earth, a kind of sacrifice you know.
I thought I would change everything you know, and I got back here and it was- it was like nothing had changed at all...
You know. I went to work with dad and I started that whole rat race again...
And no one had changed it was just like sort of random bus accident to them.
Driving my new car and I felt guilty you know opening my bank book seeing a new refrigerator.
'Cause you can take those things out of a war. But you have to realize that those things came out of the love that a man can have for another man...
And if you can't see that then it's just loot and there's blood all over it.
I felt ashamed and I didn't want any part of it. I guess I included you too.
Do you still feel that way?
I want you to know Annie.
I'm going to make a fortune for you.
What would I do with a fortune?
A good friend of mine passed away the other day.
Oh no, I'm so sorry. What happened?
Oh they had some pretty progressive cancer,
metastasized and it was old and they knew that it wasn't looking good, but-
That's the worst. I'm so sorry. Did you know him well?
Yeah. We were. Pretty close.
[BREATHING]
I am so sorry, It's-
It's the worst when they go like that. [GARBAGE] Was he young?
Kind of.
It's hard to watch when it's painful for them, you know.
Absolutely, absolutely.
It's the think
I just, I don't know.
There's no reason for it.
I know.
And he could of... He was pretty awesome
Yeah? What'd he do? What did they do? How'd you know him?
Uh, We grew up together.
yeah.
Is he an actor too, or-?
Yeah, he kind of did a lot of things, but we acted together, sometimes.
I feel really bad for his family, you know.
Yes of course, of course.
It must be really, really hard to lose a child.
Was he very close to his family?
Yeah. And they were really supportive, like through the whole process, but-
yeah.
[BREATHING]
I can't imagine what his- what his parents are going through.
Of course not. You have no idea what it's like to lose a kid.
Yeah, I'm just going to miss him.
Thank you.
Is there a funeral planned? or-
Yeah, they're going to do some sort of memorial service or something.
Cool, Well, If you want me to go with you, I will.
Thanks.
No problem.
It's really bizarre, you know, when you know somebody really well, and then...
something happens and they die and it's like-
really hard to imagine that like you're going to continue to live, and that person's just going to have stopped.
Right, it just doesn't make any sense, it's not real. It doesn't feel real.
yeah.
[BREATHING]
Do you know what, it's going to pass,eventually, I mean it'll never pass, it'll always be there, and you'll always remember and everything like that, but you know. It'll get easier I guess.
yeah.
That's the best way to put it.
It's hard to say good-bye.
Absolutely.
[BREATHING]
Do you know what, if it was me that died, I'd really want you to be crying and being really upset too any way. So, I think you should definitely do this, because it's trying what it's supposed to be.
yeah yeah.
