That's helpful.
I just don't think I can do this anymore. It's been a really long time and it's not like I'm not trying.
Well I guess you're not trying hard enough.
I am try- it's been three years
and I have gone everywhere I can think of. I have given resumes. I have done interviews. I've tried to pull in favors. I've asked everybody I know for help. I don't know what else to do.
Just, I don't know, maybe you're not smart enough.
I mean I don't know just go out and keep trying. Just-
I don't know.
Okay but I've been trying for three years. Three years and I haven't gotten a bite much less actually gotten hired, and I am smart enough. Thank you very much.
Hey. Look, I mean- you know.
I'm really good at what I do. I just don't know how to make someone else see that.
Look bananas don't grow overnight. Okay.
What? Who says that? Bananas don't grow overnight.
You need that- Time-
You know- You need to just- you need, I mean it takes time to get a good job. I mean-
Okay. I think three years is a little excessive.
look at me, like, you know. I mean, Hey, I- it took me, you know, like six years to get where I am now. I mean-
Yeah but you weren't unemployed for three years trying to find any job. I mean at this point I'm going to go drive a cab or, you know, work at the gas station or something. I don't even- I don't know what to do anymore.
I don't know. I mean whatever.
Nothing I'm trying seems to work. Just-
Clearly everything you're doing is completely wrong.
I mean, well I mean i don't know; it doesn't really affect my life, you know.
Well don't you understand that this is-
Yeah, I understand, but-
I don't even- I mean you have to have some kind of an idea. Something you could possibly throw out there that I could maybe use.
I don't know. Well like, I don't know. I mean-
I mean it's not like this is an
extreme request. I want to find a job. Everybody wants to find a job. It's really not that.
Clearly- cle- clearly you're doing something wrong.
Okay. Okay, Fine.
'Cause if you've been looking, you've been applying for jobs for three years. And-
Okey So I'm doing something wrong. What am I doing wrong?
I'm really good at what I do. I'm smart. I'm trained. I have the education. I'm talented. I cannot-
Are you- I mean do you like get dressed up and everything when you go to the job interview?
Well yeah I mean I like take a shower and stuff.
And you like- you know, you shave your legs and everything?
[LAUGHTER] Yeah. Usually.
and I want- I mean you know you've got to, like, do your hair. I mean- I don't know, it's like,
Yeah, I- I make my
I make myself very presentable before I go to any kind of interview.
you know what I mean? You know, it's like they say presentation is, like eighty percent.
or some- some large percent of- of success.
Uhuh. Uhuh. Yeah, yeah. Good quote. M: Yeah
Because I don't know I mean just, you know, just keep- keep- keep at it. Keep trying. Go-
Buck-O. That's really helpful. Just keep chugging along. The little engine that could. M: Yeah, just-
Well you- just you're doing something wrong.
Look if I could give you a job,if I could give you a job I would but I mean I'm not in that position. I'm-
Well maybe you could help. I mean you've got a job. I'm willing to look outside of my realm. I could try something else.
Hey, I'd love to help you but I- you don't have the kind of training that I-
I'll get it. I just need a job. I don't care what it is.
So, go to McDonalds.
Well I mean I need to make a little bit more than the minimum wage fry flipper.
Well you've got to start somewhere. I mean-
I did start somewhere. I worked my way up. I'm not going to start at the bottom again.
Well you're going to have to. You don't really have an option. What's your problem?
What's my problem? What's my problem? I don't have a job.
I don't know it's like I'm trying to be-
I thought I was pretty clear about what the problem was.
I'm trying to be helpful.
Well maybe you could be a little helpful. I mean obviously you don't have any problems so would it really take so much time out of your day to just go ahead and help somebody else.
I'm trying to watch TV.
That's important. That's really important.
Okay, so big news.
What?
Come on, what?
I'm getting married.
Yeah.
No way.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
No way, when? when,when, When did it happen?
Just a couple days ago.
Oh my gosh.
And you actually said yes. I can't believe it. I never thought you would get married.
I know me neither.
Oh my gosh.
Right, I thought I would be way older too. I thought I would be I be at least thirty something.
Oh absolutely.
Well, we always said we'd be in our thirtieth when we got married. And we were going to get married to each other if we didn't by then
Yeah.
Thirty nine, yeah. I can't believe it. So you broke our pact. Thanks a lot.
Sorry.
Thanks a lot. Well, okay, you've got to tell me the details. What did he say? Where was it? What happened?
Okay. That's okay, spontaneous is great. Spontaneous is awesome.
Am I in it?
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Cool, perfect. Another Chicagoite, got to love it.
It's so weird too, right, that like you can grow up so near somebody and never know them until you travel hundreds of miles away.
I know
Right, being like oh, where are you from? The U.S. Where in the U.S.? Chicago. Where in Chicago?
[LAUGHTER] I am sil
Knowing the neighborhood. Yeah, it's pretty bizarre.
And now you're getting married.
Yeah.
That is amazing. You must be so excited. Did you tell your mom?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, did she cry?
Yeah, she loves him.
Yeah, she-yeah, that's my type.
[BREATHING]
you.. I can't believe it. I'm so happy for you. This is exactly what you wanted. It's your dream come true.
Thank you.
The exact right guy, I fully approve. He's a wonderful guy. We have a great time. He can drink. That's awesome.
[LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, we all have to hang out now.
Of course, of course she will ... of course she will. Yeah, don't go and disappear like everyone else after they get married and I never see them again. That'll make me mad. You don't want to make me mad. You know how I get when I get mad.
Exactly.
Exactly, laugh.
Sorry.
There's still time for that.
Oh, thanks. move here before you get married [LAUGHTER]
[BREATHING]
Perfect, okay, good. sigh
I don't feel so bad then. Well, I'm excited for you.
I know. I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I am very excited
So I was one of the first ones? That makes me feel so important.
I have to think about moving now. We're going to move in together
Oh yeah, of course.
I think it's a good idea to live together before you get married.
I think so, too. Are you going to get a house or-
I don't want a house, I mean just-
L.A. apartment is fine.
Two artists, though. We're bound to be poor forever.
yeah.
yeah.
Definitely not for a while
yeah.
[LAUGHTER] Good luck.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, thanks. I'll need it.
You won't have trouble, You won't have trouble.
Oh thanks, you're too nice
just being polite now
You should just approach her like that. Hey, will you bear my children?
because I am not getting married.
Exactly, [LAUGHTER] I think that'll go over great, don't you?
Yeah, totally.
That's what girls like, right?
Total turn on.
Would you mind popping out a few for me?
[LAUGHTER]
That'd be great, thanks.
I wonder.
what, Nobody knows we are here except Freda and she wouldn't ring up.
What do we do?
We're all right, aren't we, darling, whatever happens?
Now and always, my sweet.
I don't care then.
It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
Oh, what shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us.
With the worst- with the most perfect poise?
Uhh, It's amazing how once you feel--
things that ought to matter most dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy, do they?
Uhh, You mustn't say that, my darling.
Being that sacred and wonderful thing, love.
Um What does it all mean? That's what I ask myself in my endless quest for ultimate truth. Dear God, what does it all mean?
Don't laugh at me. I'm serious.
You mustn't be serious, darling. That's just what they want.
Who's they?
All the futile mortals who try to make life unbearable. Laugh at them, Be flippant. Laugh at everything, all their sacred shibboleths.
uh- the- Being flippant brings out the acid in their damned beauty and light.
If I laugh at everything, then I must laugh at us too.
Certainly you must. We are figures of fun all right.
Well, will we always bicker and fight?
No. That fire will fade along with our passion.
What if one of us dies, does the other one laugh then?
Yes, yes, with all his might.
No, no that is quit laughable. The cutting little mystery all done with mirrors.
So is everyone else in the long run. Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers. Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as long as we can, like little quiet idiotic school children.
[garbage] Darling, kiss me before your body rots and worms start popping in and out of your eye sockets.
Elliott, worms don't pop.
I don't care what you do. See, you could paint your body bright green and and run naked through the Place Vendome and run with every man in the world and I shan't say a word. As long as I know that you love me best.
Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
The one where you bought that little painted wooden stake and you put it on my bed.
Horrible thing. I hated it.
I know you did. You threw it out the window into the Canal below. I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
How long did that roue last?
Oh, The worst one was in Cannes when your curling iron burnt a hole in my new dressing gown?
Oh, It burnt my comb and all the towels in the bathroom.
[LAUGHTER] That was quit a rouser, wasn't it?
Oh, I didn't hit you very hard.
I should never forget his face. [LAUGHTER]
We were very much younger then.
You knew there was nothing in that.
What's he going to say? Maybe we should tell him before he sees it.
When? I was the first one up. He was still in bed. How could he have seen it?
Did you talk to him?
No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.
He cried hard?
You know that Larry's not coming back and I know it. So why do we go on letting him think that we believe with him?
What do you want to do, argue with him?
I don't want to argue with him. But it's time he knows that nobody else thinks that Larry's alive anymore.
Why should he dream about him, walking around looking for him at night? Do we contradict him? Do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore, that we haven't had any hope for years now?
We have to say it to him.
how are you gonna prove it? Can you prove it?
For Gods sake! Three years! Nobody comes back after three years. That's insane!
To you it is and to me, but not to him. Now you can talk yourself until you're blue in the face, Chris, but there's no body and there's no grave. So where are you?
The trouble is the God damn newspapers. I mean every every week a kid turns up, missing like longer than Larry.
All right. All right, mom. Just listen. You know why I invited Annie her, don't you?
You know.
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
It's not just my business.
Well, what do you want me to do? You're old enough to make- to know your own mind.
So it's okay then? I should just go ahead and do it?
Oh, so it isn't just my business?
I'm just saying.
You infuriate me sometimes. Do you know that? God.
Isn't it your business, too, if dad -- if I tell dad and he throws a fit about it? I mean, you have such a talent for ignoring things.
I ignore what I got to ignore. I mean, the girl is Larry's girl.
She is not Larry's girl!
From your father's point of view he's not dead and she's still his girl. Now, you can go on from there if you know where to go, Chris, but I don't know. So what can I do for you?
I don't know why it is but everytime I reach out for something I- that I want, I have to pull back because I might hurt somebody else. My whole bloody life; time after time after time.
Well, you're a considerate fella, there's nothing wrong in that
To hell with that!
Have you asked Annie yet?
Well, what if she feels like your father? And how do you know she will marry you?
Well, the trouble is you never saw enough women.
So what? I'm not fast with women.
Well, I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
Well, that's a good reason. But that doesn't mean anything at all. I mean, you haven't seen her in five years.
I know her best, all right? I don't know. I grew up next to her. When I think of somebody for my wife these days, I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?
No. I don't want a -- look, your father thinks he's coming back, Chris. You marry that girl and you're pronouncing him dead. Now, what's going to happen to your father; do you know? Because, I don't.
I've given it three years of thought. I hoped that if I'd waited, dad would have forgotten about it by now. And we could have like a normal wedding and everybody happy.
But if that can't happen, I'll just have to get out.
I'll get out. I'll go get married and live someplace else. I don't know, maybe New York.
Are you crazy?
I have been a good son for too long. A good sucker. I'm through with it.
Yes. On this, I would.
Well, you help me stay here.
All right. But don't think like that. Because what the hell did we work for, Chris? I mean, this whole thing, it's all for you.
I know that, mom. Just, you help me stay here.
Just don't think that way. Do you hear me?
I don't understand you, do I?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
Yeah, I can see that.
Hey, I'm, uh. I'm really sorry about what happened. I don't um- I mean what you can you do? I mean it's-
Thanks.
When I was seven, my- my grandmother died and I really- I don't know, I mean it was really hard to let go but the important thing is- is that you do let go and your realize that, you know, they- you know, they- this person had fun while they were- while they were here and, uh, you know, you work- you work through it.
You know it's just, I just, you know, I mean it just happened. I just, like- I just keep expecting him to walk in, you know.
Mmhmm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's- it's hard. It's hard.
I just- I just thought he would have longer, you know, because I'm- I mean when he found out he was sick, we knew that wasn't good but I just- I just thought that it would take longer, you know?
Yeah.
Well I mean, you know, I mean it was I mean with that kind of condition,
Yeah. I know. I know.
you know, it's inevitable and I mean honestly it's- it's almost like
you know, you don't- you know, how long do you want the person to go through that, you know.
It's sort of- it's almost better off to rest in peace than he is to live in pain.
Yeah, I know. But I'd rather have him here with me, you know. It's just not fair. I mean he- he didn't get to do like anything. I mean he was- M: Yeah.
He was only twenty four and just so many things that we were going to do, you know, and now he won't get to do them and he won't get to be here when I do. You know, like I'll get married some day and he won't be there, like, he won't get to see that.
Yeah.
It just doesn't seem fair.
It's not fair but I mean that's, you know, the course of life is that, you know, you meet people and you lose them. F: Right.
You're okay
Thank you for being here. M: You're welcome.
You know I think- I think we should celebrate because I think that's what he would have wanted.
[LAUGHTER] You're probably right. He probably would be pissed if we were all sitting around being upset about it. He'd want us to have a party.
Yeah.
And to drink in his honor. [LAUGHTER]
That's right. That's right. I mean he would want us to, you know, celebrate the life that he- that he lived and, you know, enjoy the rest of ours as much as we can.
Yeah, I know.
So-
Guess what?
what?
I did it, I asked her to marry me.
Yes, I did it.
When?
Oh my god, it was just last weekend.
Oh, what, how- where how did you do it?
She--,well, she said yes, first of all, let me say that right off the bat. Well, I would like to assume, too. But you never know these things, right?
Okay good. I I assumed.
oh-
I did it up at Yosemite. We went camping right like we usually do. You know we go camping up there all the time. But, um- the waterfalls had died down a little bit, you know. And so uh- we-I had her climb up.
You know- we did some- you know some rock climbing up the waterfalls and went up to this little pool that was up there. And then, I- it's great. Um- You have to climb this little rock-
uh-huh
and you can climb it and it's covered in algae you know. So, I wanted her to climb it to go take a picture, like, back in this little waterfall area, and she got back there and she took her picture. And then, I had her come back. And I was going to do the same thing.
Well, instead I climb up on the rock and like I- I didn't do it -- well, I did it on purpose. I made it look like I accidentally did it. I slipped down into this pool of water, right? And she freaks out because I slide all the way down this rock. And um-
And I pop up out of the water -- and I had planned it already, you know? I pop up out of the water and I [BREATHING] and I like, grab her hand, you know. and that In my hand, I've got the ring.
And she's like- she feels it you know and she doesn't know what it is. And she you know helps me get out and I won't let go of her hand. And she's like, what are you doing? I and said, You saved my life, now will you marry me?
Oh, my God. That's so dramatic.
Wasn't that great? I didn't want it to be too hokey.but- but- She liked it.She liked it.
so cute.
No, it's totally original, though.
oh.
Yeah. And she said yes. And she cried, of course.
Oh, Then you had a whole weekend of camping?
Yes. We did that in the beginning, exactly. So we had, so we just had, you know, good times the rest of the weekend, yeah.
Oh, right. sure [LAUGHTER]
It was a lot of fun- It was a lot of fun. She's great. And I'm so happy.
So where are you going to have your wedding?
We're going to do it back in the Midwest where her family all is. They're all out there. you know so, Um And so, just gonna have a small, small wedding. But, um- you know, of course, you're going to come, right?
Yeah. of course.
Okay Okay.
Um- And she wants you to be in it, too. She loves you so much. She thinks you're the sweetest. Of course, you are. You're You're my best friend so-
Where is she right now?
oh, She's back at work. yeah.
Yeah,I'll hang out with the both of you.
Of course. We'll go out to dinner later this week.
yes.
It will be perfect.
Oh I'm so excited for you.
oh.
She's the one.
Oh, my gosh. You told your parents already? and everything
Of course. I told them right away. We called them all right them.
Are they so excited?
Oh, yeah. My mom's freaking out. Oh yeah, She's so happy. this is you know It's her dream come true. She always wanted her little boy -- she wants kids, you know.
She wants grandkids. So we'll be working on that right away.
Are you guys gonna have kids?
Of course, we're gonna have kids, like three at least.
She wants like eight- She wants like eight kids and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. I am like what Let's do maybe three and we'll go with that.
Are you going to start right away?
Well, we're going to take a little bit of time, you know, we need to get acclimated and you know start our lives, make money, you know be comfortable.
Yeah, have you ever like lived with someone else before?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I mean, actually we lived together awhile back when we -- Yeah, back in college for a little while. yeah.
But that- so we are really used to each other. We took the time apart and now we're going to get back together. We're going to move in soon.
Oooh
it's great. I'm a lucky man.
That's incredible yeah ,Congratulations.
Thank you.
...to this spot for this massive celebration of like sex and death...
Look at this, my hairs are standing up my arm. I'm giving myself goose bumps.
That's the wind.
Well, so? What do you think?
I think it's ridiculous.
It's a PR.
It's not just me, okay? Look at like all the people.
They're all told the same thing.
Everybody is believes that it keeps them excited, you know it keeps them coming back for more.
Everybody keeps thinking that they can just find the right spot, you know they'll get it on the action.
Their life will start then.
I'm sorry it still just fish to me.
Can I ask you a question? Are you on your period?
Why do you ask me that? God damn it, I told you not to ask me that I hate it when you ask me that. It's insulting.
I just, we just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
Is not supposed to like anything. We come down here, we look at the fish, they arrive, we go woo-ah fish.
Oh. Grow up Augie, the fish are not going to come.
Why not?
Because they never do. Do they, have they ever?
We missed them twice.
Twice is every year we've tried that's ever.
Okay we'll see them this year, this is a much better spot. Trust me.
No we won't. It's pointless it's like a waiting up to see Santa Claus.
I feel like my whole life is going to be spent here on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly, waiting for fish to show up and the fish never show.
Okay, I'm trying to work this backwards
You don't understand anything I'm saying.
and figure out where we took a turn to the worst thing.
Of course not.
Okay. I'm trying to work this backwards here and I'm trying to figure out the exact moment that you took a turn for the worst here, now.
you were fine during the phone call from Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was fine.
Let's see, uh, I took a shower and, um, you were watching the news and you said the the Grunions are running tonight, and I said okay great, let's go.
So I'm putting the animals out we're getting the car to the garage and--
Do you remember the first year we came here? It's about four years ago right after we got married.
And I remember thinking this is it. finally, finally I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.
Wait a minute, I've got it.
It was when we were driving passed that knickerbocker liquor locker and you would said, no you said let's get some champagne and I said no time to wasting or something like that. That's what it is, right?
I'd rather not remember some things. I'd rather not hope for some things.
Oh right sure, of course.
No.
You want me to go get some champagne?
No.
Do you want to take off our shoes?
What? Huh?
You want to get married again?
What? What? You want to divorce?
No.
A vacation?
No.
A new carpet, a poodle, a suicide pact, ice cream, a back rub, what? What? What the hell do you want?
I want something to turn out the way that it's supposed to.
Well, welcome to the human race.
You think nothing turns out how it's supposed to. You think I had some grand idea going that four years down the line. We would come to this beach and argue over fish? No.
No, no I'm just like you, I thought it was going to be all rosy cheeks and the bills would pay themselves and fish will always come and--
No. You know what you get? You know what you get? You get this.
This what? What is this? This isn't even anything.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, sure this is standing on the beach, this is waiting, fighting.
Right.
This isn't anything like I thought anything would be.
I know me neither.
This is just this. I mean it includes a lot and everything but it's--do you understand what I'm saying?
I'm doing the best I can.
I know that Augie, I really do.
I just can't help wishing that I was somebody, somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with somebody else too?
I didn't say that.
No, I know but--I know I don't make you happy.
Yeah?
You are the one who probably wishes he was with somebody else, someone who didn't take everything so seriously, someone who would enjoy yourself.
Look what we got here.
It's not champagne.
I guess we don't need glasses.
Are you cold, huh? Do you want to go home?
I'm beginning to think you might be right. I think this might be the spot after all.
Augie, I'm sorry.
Shh...
If we are really quiet, the fish might come.
Or not.
Or not.
Actually, I wanted to go a little farther up the coast, get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it. How you doing?
Fine.
Is that, is that - is that just foam? I can't even tell. Although, if you can't tell, it's probably isn't them. It'll probably be unmistakable, don't you think?
How you doing? Oh, no, you know what I did? I forgot to bring my flashlight. How could I be so stupid? I should have brought my flashlight.
It's not yours.
Whose is it?
It's ours. It's mine, too.
Well, sure.
You kept saying my flashlight as if it's somehow just yours. How is that supposed to make me feel?
I wonder, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year. Remember?
Yes.
Are you cold? Do you want my jacket? We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.
You want my jacket?
It's after eleven; let's go home.
Are you kidding? We'd miss it. We just got here. What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home?
There is no point in coming down here.
Right.
That's my point.
That's my point, too.
So let's go home.
No, no, no. That's not my point. My point is is that there's no point in coming down here if we just leave. Don't you want to see it?
Not particularly.
I just don't. It's stupid.
Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. I mean, this only happens once a year. It's a great opportunity. Think about the people in Kansas. They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this. We're just forty minutes away. It's too good to pass up.
Pass up what? These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around and then they swim away. And then they die.
Yeah, but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. I mean, all that flopping around is laying eggs or what do you -- spawning or mating, something like that.
There's mystery here and magic. M: Uh, did I fuck up?
What are you so excited about? F: Big night.
Oh, it's a big night for these guys. Uh, life's last orgy.
This isn't a moon landing we're talking about. It's fish. It's fish nobody even eats.
Yeah, they do. Okay. But it's fish who do something none of the other fish do; like the swallows are returning to Capistrano; or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that. F: Oh, Augie.
There's mystery here and magic; a little bit of the unexplainable. I don't see how you can not be interested.
I'm just not.
Yes.
Last year, you will also remember, our shoes got wet. I got sand in my panties. We got into a big fight over nothing. You got a sore throat and we did not see the grunions.
We didn't see them the first time either.
no, it's just seaweed, isn't it? Oh, man, this is great. I wouldn't miss this for anything. I mean, think about this. I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.
Out there someplace is this huge mass of silver fish heading this way. They don't know why. We don't know why. It wasn't a decision. They didn't take a vote. No one sent them an invitation or a map;
just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one, they turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.
They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters. It's single mindedness with no mind. Urgency that's pure urge.
They don't know what drives them. They don't give it a name or ask a question. They just turn, as one, and start the swim that brings them here; to this place, where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death. Oh, man, I'm giving myself goose bumps. All my hairs are popping up.
That's the wind.
Well so what did you think?
About what?
Did you talk to him?
He cried hard?
What was he doing out here at that hour?
What do you want to do argue with him?
Why shouldn't he dream of him and walk the nights waiting for him? Do we contradict him? Do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore? That we haven't had hope for years now?
You can't say that to him.
We've got to say it to him.
Can you prove it? How can you prove it?
For God sakes, it's been three years. Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane.
To you it is and to me, but not to him. I mean, you can talk yourself blue in the face, but he--there's no body and no grave so where are you?
All right. All right. Listen to me. You know why I brought Annie here don't you?
I've got an idea, but what's the story?
I'm gonna ask her to marry me.
Well, that's only your business, Chris.
You know it's not only my business.
What do you want me to do? You're old enough to know your own mind.
So it's all right then?
I'll go ahead with it?
Well, then it isn't just my business--
I'm just saying that--
She's not Larry's girl.
From your father's point of view, he isn't dead. And you've no right to take his girl.
And you can go on from there if you know where to go, but I don't know where to go. See, I don't know. Now what can I do for you?
I don't know why, but, every time I reach out for something that I want, I have to pull back 'cause someone else will suffer. My whole bloody life. Time after time after time.
You're a considerate fellow. There's nothing wrong with that.
To hell with that.
[BREATHING] Have you asked Annie yet?
Well, how do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way your father does.
Well, if she does, then that's the end of it. But from her letters, I think she's forgotten him. I'll find out. And then we'll thrash it out with Dad, right? Mom, don't avoid me.
Trouble is, you don't see enough women.
You never did.
I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
Well, that's a good answer, but it doesn't answer anything. I mean, you've been away for--at war. It's been five years.
These years when I think of a wife, I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?
I don't want a diagram. Umm-- He thinks he's coming back, Chris. You marry that girl and you're pronouncing him dead.
I mean, what's gonna happen to your father? Do you know? I don't.
All right. All right, then, Mom.
I just--give it some more thought.
I've given it three years of thought. I thought that if I waited Dad would forget about Larry and we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.
Are you crazy?
I've been a good son too long. A good sucker. I'm through with it.
What about the business? What the hell is this?
The business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Must you be inspired?
Yes. I like it an hour a day. If I'm gonna grub for my money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.
Yes, on this I would.
Well, you don't want to think like that.
I know. I know, Mom. Just help me stay here.
All right. Just-- just don't go thinkin' that way, you hear me?
I am thinkin' that way.
I don't understand you, do I?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
I can see that.
I know, it went out of style, didn't it?
It's all right. It's a good thing.
You know, it's lovely here, the air is sweet.
No, not sorry. But, um. But I'm not gonna stay.
The trouble is, I planned on sort of sneaking up on you on a period of a week or so. But they take it for granted that we're all set.
I knew they would, your mother anyway.
Well, from her point of view, why else would I come?
I guess this is why I came.
I'm embarrassing you and I didn't want to tell it to you here. I wanted some place we'd never been before. A place where we'd be brand new to each other.
Well, you started to write me
You felt something that far back?
Every day since.
Ann, why didn't you let me know?
Let's drive someplace. I want to be alone with you.
No. Nothing like that.
Well, what's wrong? I mean, even in your letters there was some--something ashamed.
Yeah, I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.
It wouldn't work this way.
Well, I lost them.
Just about all.
It takes some time for a guy to toss that off. 'Cause they weren't just men.
For instance, this one time, it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks. I put them in pocket. It's only a little thing, but those are the kind of guys I had.
They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other. I mean that exactly. I mean, a little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
I got this idea watching 'em go down. Everything was being destroyed, see, but it seemed that one new thing was made. A sort of responsibility. Man for man. You know what I mean?
To show that, to bring that onto the Earth again, like some kind of monument and everyone can feel it standing behind him and it would make a difference to him.
Then I came back and it was incredible. There was no meaning in it here. I mean, the whole thing to them seemed like it's sort of a bus accident. I went to work with Dad and that rat race again.
And I felt what you said, ashamed somehow 'cause nobody had changed at all. It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys. I felt wrong to be alive to open the new bank book, drive the new car, see the new refrigerator.
I mean, you can take those things out of a war, but when you drive that car, you've gotta realize that it came out of the love a man can have for a man. You've gotta be a little better because of it.
Otherwise all you have is really loot and there's blood on it. And I didn't want to take any of that. And I guess that included you.
Do you still feel that way?
I want you now Annie.
'Cause you mustn't feel that way. Because you have a right to everything you have, Chris. Everything, you understand that? Me too.
I mean, and your money, there's- there's nothing wrong with your money. I mean, your father put hundreds of planes in the air. A man should be paid for that.
What'll I do with a fortune?
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
What of it?
Well, what about me?
Well, if you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.
Me, too. Bored stiff. You want some brandy?
No particular reason. Anyhow they were very small ones.
Just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.
You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.
Well, it's become a habit with you.
You needn't be so grand, just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.
Don't be so stupid.
What?
Nothing.
A woman's job is to allure the man. Watch me a minute, will you?
No, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
Oh, be quiet.
Doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
Snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.
Adders don't snap, they sting.
Nonsense. They have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.
They snap.
I don't care, do you understand? I don't care. I don't care if they bark or roll about like hoops.
Mind your own business.
You're quite insufferable
I expect it's because you're drunk.
I'm not in the least drunk.
As I mentioned before, I have had three minute liquor glasses of brandy the whole evening long. A child of two couldn't get drunk on that.
On the contrary, a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
Oh, very interesting. How about a child of four? A child of six? Or a child of nine?
Shut up.
We could get a good debate going about this, don't you think? Intemperate tots.
Not very funny, dear. You'd better have some more brandy.
Why?
Because it's late and it'll annoy the people upstairs.
There aren't any people upstairs. It's a photographer's studio.
There are people downstairs I suppose?
This is no time of the year for Tunis.
Turn it on again, please.
I'll do no such thing.
Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
Turn it off.
Stop it. Go away. I hate you.
Amanda, listen. listen
Listen? Listen, indeed. I am sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.
Very amusing, indeed.
I hate you. Stop it. Stop it. I hate you, do you hear? You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
You're a vile, tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope to never see you again as long as I live.
This is the end. Finally and forever. Do you hear me? The end.
You're not going like this.
Oh Yes, I am.
You're not.
I am. Let go of me. You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you.
Shut up. Shut up.
I wouldn't-- I wouldn't marry--
I wouldn't marry you if you came in crawling on your knees
Thank God I realized what you are-- I'd never marry you again ever in my life. You're a cruel fiend and I hate you. You're a beast. You're a beast--I hate you. Stop it. Stop it.
You're a evil vampire and I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.
Hey, you stupid dumb shit machine, give me a fucking operator, huh?
Hello sir, can I help you?
I [GARBAGE]
Yes, sir, I'm very sorry, but we've had some trouble here. There's been a lot of calls and the system has-
Sir, please calm down. There's no reason to use profanity like that. It's not-
Fine, sorry. Okay, my phone's been on the fritz for like three days. I can't get any incoming calls. What- What is going on?
Okay, and this is for Verizon? Your provider?
Well, um- we have a little problem with the system going on. One of our satellites is down, and I-
You know what? I'm just going to- Patient? I'm a busy man.
You're going to have to just be patient with us, sir, as we
Well, I know sir, and we all are busy.
But I'm going to definitely have to- uh--get your contact information
-have to, have to what?
What? It's my phone. You can't even call me on it. I don't have another phone.
Okay, well, if you would like, um- we will be turning on the systems in probably about ten hours.
What? Are you kidding me?
Sir, I'm very sorry, but this is the way it is. This- We have no control over it. It's going to take- -but you have to be patient with us. You can use a calling card. We will give you a free calling card to use.
Oh, my God.
I- I'm going to kill myself right now.
A free calling card?
Do you have a land line, sir?
Okay, well, we will send you- We will reimburse you for the amount of minutes that you-
-on average would use.
That's it? Okay, yeah. What else?
And we will probably send you a calling card. I'm very sorry. You're just going to have to be patient, sir.
Okay, I need more than this. Are you going to give me a little bit more?
No, we don't just give you things. We're- we're-
we compensating you for all your-
So you take things from me and you expect me just to wait around.
No no, we're not taking anything from you sir. This is- This is unbeknownst to us. The problem had just happened.
The satellite-is down in your area.
Okay, so you think you're going to- -get me back some minutes, and that's going to make up for three days of business that I lost? Okay, great.
No, three days, sir. It's not three days. It's- It's only been about a day now. Let's not exaggerate.
No, it's been--three days.
Fine, it's been a day. Okay?
Three days?
A day?
I don't know, sir.
About three million dollars.
Oh, well, I'm sorry about that. Umm- We-
Well, ten hours worth of minutes--
is what's going to happen.
Sir,
what I would like what I'm advising you to do now is just to write down all of your problems that you-you feel that--You know, haven't been addressed, fax it to us-
Oh, my God.
and we will take care of it if anything happens. But all we can do now is ask for your patience.
Okay? Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
How's it going, babe?
Yeah?
All right.
She's doing fine. She just took her first steps today actually. I videotaped it for you so you can watch it.
oh.
Well umm- actually they--I was promoted.
And Uh- Yeah. Uh- They're going to need um- more nurses on call for uh- to go overseas to help out with the war.
yeah.
It's going- It's going to be probably in about three weeks.
yeah
God, we're supposed to take a look at a house next week.
Maybe we can still do that
I can't- No, I can't do this alone.
Yeah, and uh--
I know, but look, I have to take this. I mean, if I don't, I mean, I could get fired.
And we know you need-we need the money. We couldn't even- purchase a house if I didn't take this.
God.
You know what happened to my cousin. She went and she never came back.
Honey, I'm going to come back. It's not like that.
But it- it is for a year.
Oh
Babe, I'm sorry. But I don't want to do.
I can't-
You know as much as -as much as me that I-I want to stay here with you and Amy so bad, but I can't.
But you're so good with her. You know, she knows you better than she knows me 'cause I'm at work every day.
I have to work.
[BREATHING]
Babe, I love you.
You can't leave your daughter alone like this.
But she has you. I mean, that's what you're there for. You're my right-hand man.
It's going to be okay.
You can't postpone it?
No, I have to go.
Wait, you can write me and as you know, send me pictures.
I don't know if I can handle you going another year.
What do you mean?
I don't know if I- if I could take it.
Look, I need you to be strong for me. 'Cause I can't be the only one that's strong right now, really, I--
I can't be that strong. A whole year.
me, oh my god.
What if you don't come back?
and if we survive, if we survive that then babe, you know you know we could survive any--
I will come back.
It doesn't look very good.
we'll have all the money that we ever needed.
And- And then I'll stop working and- I'll stay home with the baby.
I don't want the money. I want-you here
If your life is going to be in danger and this family is going to be in danger we don't need the job. We'll find the money.
It's all I ever knew how to do. I can't quit now.
How are we supposed to tell Amy? How's she supposed to understand that?
Well, we- we tell her mommy's going on va- on a trip for for- a while.
How is she going to feel the first year in school, no mom.
Don't do that to me.
It's hard enough already, Brian, I can't.
I know.
I didn't expect this to happen. I never planned for this. Some things you just don't plan for, you know.
I'm sorry, babe.
I'm so sorry.
All right, then.
What's he going to say? Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.
He saw it.
He was out here when it broke.
He's getting just like after he died. What's the meaning in that?
I don't know the meaning of it, mom. But I know one thing; we made a terrible mistake with dad.
What do you mean, dishonest?
What do you want to do? Argue with him?
I don't want to argue with him but it's time he realized that nobody believes Larry's alive anymore.
You can't say that to him.
We've gotta say it to him.
How are you going to prove it? Can you prove it?
For God's sake, three years. Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane.
To you it is and to me, but not to him. You can talk yourself blue in the face, but there's no body and no grave, so where are you?
Alright, alright, alright. Listen. You know why I asked Annie here don't you?
Why?
You know why.
Going to ask her to marry me.
Well that's only your business, Chris.
You know it's not only my business.
What do you want me to do? You're old enough to know your own mind.
Well you want to make sure your father isn't going to have --
Well, then you know it's not only my business.
I'm just saying.
Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that? Isn't it your business, too, if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it? You have such a talent for ignoring things.
I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.
She's not Larry's girl.
From father's point of view, he's not dead. And you have no right to take his girl.
Now you can go on from there if you know where to go. But I'm telling you I don't know where to go. See, I don't know.
Now what can I do for you?
I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want, I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time after time.
To hell with that.
I wanted to get this settled first.
How do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way father does.
The trouble is, you don't see enough women. You never did.
I don't see why it has to be Annie.
Because it is.
Line?
Alright, then, mom.
Alright, then, mom. Did we skip something? No. Alright, then, mom.
Yes we did. Do you want to keep going?
Yeah, let's keep going.
Just give it some more thought.
I've given it three years' of thought. I'd hope that if
father forgot about Larry, we'd have a regular wedding and everything happy. If I can't get that here, then I'll have to get out.
What the hell is this?
Are you crazy?
I've been a good son too long; a good sucker. I'm through with it.
You've got a business here. What the hell is this?
The business? The business doesn't inspire me.
Must you be inspired?
Yes. I like getting an hour a day. If I have to grub for money all day long, at least at evening, I want it beautiful.
Yes, on this I would.
You don't want to think like that.
Then you help me stay here.
Alright. But just don't think like that because what the hell did we work for? That's all for you, Chris. The whole shooting match is just for you.
I know that. Just you help me stay here.
But don't think that way, you hear me?
No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
You knew there was nothing in that.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
Presents, just a trivial little broach.
No it wasn't. It was very pretty I still have it and I wear it often.
You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
No I didn't, you worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
You let him kiss you; you said you did.
What of it?
It gave him a lot of pleasure, it didn't hurt me any.
What about me?
Well, if you hadn't been so nosey and suspicious you never wouldn't have known anything about it.
I'm bored of this conversation.
No thanks.
I have a little I think.
No particular reason. Anyhow, they are very small ones.
It just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.
You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.
Well, it's become a habit with you.
What?
Nothing.
No I'm just making myself fascinating for you.
Going out somewhere, dear?
As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.
Oh, no it isn't.
Be quiet.
Snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.
Oh nonsense they have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.
They snap.
I don't care. Do you understand? I don't care. I don't care if they bark or roll about like hoops.
Tell me, did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
Yes, I did quite a lot.
What riotous time you must have had.
No restraint at all, very enjoyable, never had much anyhow.
Oh be quiet.
We can get a good little debate going about that, don't you think? Intemperate tots.
All right. I will.
Better turn that off I think.
I'll do no such thing.
Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
Turn it off.
Stop it. Stop it. I hate you.
Amanda, listen. Listen.
Listen indeed. I'm sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.
Very amusing indeed.
Stop it. Stop it. I hate you, do you hear? You're overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.
You're a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope I never see you again as long as I live.
This is the end, do you hear? The end finally and forever.
You're not going like this.
Oh yes I am.
You're not.
Yes, I am. Let go of me you're cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you. Thank God I realized who you really are before I would ever, ever marry you again. I would never marry you again. I'd rather die in torment.
Shut up.
Shut up.
I wouldn't marry you again if you came to me on your bended knees. You're a evil minded little vampire. I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.
You're a beast. I hate you. Stop it. Stop it.
So, how's it going?
Oh, you got what? Where?
I got into U.S.C.
Oh, no way.
Yeah, I'm so excited. So I'm gonna say--
Are you gonna go? you gonna-
Yeah, I think, I mean because where else would I gonna go? Like the other places that I applied to I really didn't like that much anyway.
So--
Wow, that's...
...that's first choice, huh? That's so awesome and now look you're gonna be--you're gonna be here. you know
Yeah, I know.
Absolutely. I'm so excited.
I know. I know. And we'll all get to hang out. And I'm--even though we'll be at like at different parts of the city, we can still, like...
...hang out and, like, have our different lives--And meet each other's friends and stuff. So, I'm just so glad 'cause they have such a good school
Yeah, no, definitely--It's gonna..
Yeah.
and like-- The football team--And like all the-...you- what I mean, like... M: Wow.
Yeah
Fight on.
You can walk somewhere and be anywhere in the country and be like, oh, yeah, I am at U.S.C.
And you know what, you know what I mean, like it's recognizable rather than just being like I went some random school. It's like people really know what you...
[LAUGHTER]
Wow. That's cool.
...like, they feel like--I feel like it's going to be so like accomplished. Do you know what I mean?
Like it has some prestige. so
Yeah, I mean there's all the money stuff and my mom's helping me with the financial aid and stuff. But, it'll be fine--
Like, now that I'm accepted, it's just, like, such a huge load off my mind.
I don't mind worrying about all the paperwork. You know--
So...
Because, I don't have to like make that decision anymore. I don't have to try and decide, like, what the bad school I'm going to go to is. you know
Right. Right. Right. Oh, man, then you're going to have to do orientation, I guess.
I know. I know. I think you go and you like stay for a couple of days and you meet people and--And they'll give you like a tour--And show you everything. Oh, man, I'm just so--I'm so excited. M: Oh boy. Right. Yeah. It'll be crazy.
That'll be awesome.
I mean because you went to the campus before, right?
Yeah, oh totally. It's a beautiful campus. It's gonna be really nice. Um, and everyone is friendly and like there's ivy on all the walls. Oh, it's just so--it's so like collegiate.
You know what I mean? Like, it's like exactly what I want.
Well, you know, I've thought about it but they have so many things that I might--Like try some things out first...
...because also on the list of their, um, like G.E.'s or whatever, you have a lot of choices within every single one. So you can, like, try things out and not just be like, oh, I have to take math, oh, I have to take this. You know what I mean?
So, um, so I don't know.
I mean I'm gonna take a bunch of stuff and see.
Oh man.
I- They have like--they just have so many like prestigious like this school is top ten and like the departments within it, you know what I mean.
I know, I get to be one of those now--I'll like walk around and be like a U.S.C.. You know what I mean.
Ahh. Yeah. [GARBAGE]
You'll be like are you a fan or a student you know? Student. [LAUGHTER] Oh man, that's awesome.
And you'll be like...
Student. I'm a student. Yes I am, Thank you very much.
[BREATHING]
A U.S.C. graduate now. You're set.
I know. I'm excited.
Well, that'll take a while. [GARBAGE]
That's going to be a lot of work.
But, it'll be fine, I mean. I'm so excited. It's going to be so fun.
I know, and I mean the area's not great, but like the school makes up for it. It'll be fine. It'll be good.
You're getting close to the beach. I mean geez.
I know. I know. So fun. I can't wait.
I will. I will. Thank you.
Thanks.
Good God.
I wonder.
Hello? Hello? What? Wrong number.
Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
Behave exquisitely.
With the most perfect poise.
Yes, I shall probably do a Court Curtsey.
The whole business is really rather ridiculous.
Meaning exactly that.
What does it all mean? That's what I asked myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth. Dear God, what does it all mean?
Who's they?
All the futile mortals who try to make life unbearable. Laugh at them. Be flippant. Laugh at everything, all their sacred shibboleths. Flippancy brings out the acid in their damned sweetness and light.
Certainly you must. We're figures of fun alright [LAUGHTER].
Well, what if-what happens when our love-
Who knows?
No, that fire will fade along with our passion.
It all depends on how well we played.
Well, what if one of us dies, does the other laugh then?
Yes, yes, with all his might.
No, no it isn't. Death is very laughable. Come such a cunning little mystery all done with mirrors.
no, So is everyone else in the long run. Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers. Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and --
enjoy the party as long as we can like very little quite idiotic schoolchildren. [garbage] Let's savor the delight of the moment.
Darling, come here and kiss me before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
The one where you bought that little painted wooden snake and put it on my bed.
Charles. That was his name. He did wriggle so beautifully.
Horrible thing, I hate it.
How long did that row last?
The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.
Oh, that was quite a rouser, wasn't it?
Oh, I didn't hit you very hard.
And then the manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.
[LAUGHTER] I shall never forget his face.
Oh, ridiculous. utterly ridiculous
Oh, we were very much younger then.
Oh, As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
You knew there was nothing.
Yes. The real cause of that rile was Peter Burden.
Oh, come on, you knew there was nothing in that.
Presents? A trivial little broach.
You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
No I didn't. You made up the whole thing in your jealous imagination.
You must admit he was in love with you.
Just a little perhaps but nothing serious.
You let him kiss you. You said so. What of it?
Well it didn't harm him, in fact, it pleasured him a lot and it didn't hurt me.
And what about me?
Oh, that's a nice point of view I must say.
Yeah, so am I. Bored stiff.
You want some brandy?
I'll have a little I think.
I don't know why you want it. You've already had two glasses.
No particular reason. Anyhow they were very small ones.
I don't see what you have to go on and on with this kind of thing.
Oh my...just because I just...okay...
It's become a habit with you.
You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.
Really Amanda.
What?
Nothing.
Going out somewhere dear?
No, just making myself beautiful for you.
That's the woman's job to lure the man. Watch me a moment won't you?
Actually that's perfectly true.
Yes it is.
I think that M: Shh.
Adders don't snap, they sting.
They sting.
They snap.
Mind your business.
You're quite insufferable. I expect it's because you're drunk.
I'm not in the least bit drunk.
You've always had a weak head.
Okay, like I mentioned before I had three very small, minute liquor glasses of brandy. That's not even enough to get a child of two drunk.
On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk off just one glass of brandy.
Oh, what an interesting topic. What about a child of four and a child of six? A child of nine?
Shut up.
We might be able to bring up a splendid little debate about this intemperate tots.
Not very funny dear. In fact, maybe you better have some more brandy.
Oh, thanks. I think I will.
You better turn that off.
They are away in Tunis.
Turn it on again, please.
No I'll do no such thing.
Very well. If you insist on being a boorish and idiotic.
Come on, turn it off. It's driving me mad.
You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
Turn it--Turn it off.
Go away. Go away. I hate you.
Very amusing indeed.
I hate you. Listen I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
You know what? You're a vile, little, evil-minded, little, wicked beast and I never want to see you again.
This is the end. Understand? This is the end, here and now, forever and always.
You're not going nowhere. No you're not.
Oh, yes I am. Yes I am and you can't stop me.
Just shut up.
shut up. shut up. I would-I would never marry you again if you came crawling back to me on your hands and knees because you're an evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never see you again.
Listen, you're a cruel fiend and I hate, loathe you. Thank God finally, finally thank God I've realized just how horrible you are--and marry you? Marry you? Never. I will never marry you. I will die die in torment-
Beast. Brute. Cad. Swine. Beast. Beast. Brute. Devil. Sorry.
Oh.
That was the first time you ever hit me.
I didn't hit you very hard.
The manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers. Oh, dear.
How ridiculous. How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
And very much sillier.
As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
Not at all. It was very pretty. I still have it and I wear it often.
You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
You must admit that he was in love with you, wasn't he?
Just a little, perhaps, nothing serious.
Line?
Let him kiss you.
You let him kiss you. You said you did.
What of it?
What of it?
What about me?
If you hadn't been so nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.
That's a nice point of view, I must say.
Oh, dear. I'm bored with this conversation.
So am I; bored stiff.
No, thanks.
I'll have a little myself, I think.
I don't see why you want it. You've already had two glasses.
No particular reason. Anyhow, they were very small ones.
It seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.
You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.
It's become a habit with you.
You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any at the moment.
Oh, don't be so stupid.
Really, Amanda
What?
Nothing.
Going out somewhere, my dear?
No, just making myself fascinating for you
Oh. That reply has broken my heart.
As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.
Oh, no, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
Oh, be quiet.
Line?
It's a pity you didn't- It's a pity you didn't have more brandy. M: It's a pity -- what?
It's a pity you didn't have any more brandy. It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
Line? F: Snap.
Snap. Oh, snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.
Adders don't snap, they sting.
They -- nonsense, they have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.
They sting.
They snap.
I don't care. Do you understand? I don't care. I don't mind if they bark and roll about like hoops.
Yes, I did, quite a lot.
I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more then, hmm?
Mind your own business.
You must have had a riotous time.
No restraint at all, very enjoyable. You never had much anyhow.
You're quite insufferable. I expected it's because you're drunk.
I'm not in the least drunk.
You always had a weak head.
I think I mentioned once before that I've only had three minute liquor glasses of brandy this whole evening. That's hardly enough to get a child of two drunk.
On the contrary, a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
Very interesting. And how about a child of four and a child of six and a child of nine?
Oh, shut up.
Not very funny, dear. You'd better have some more brandy.
Very good idea. I will
You better turn that off I think.
Why?
There aren't any people upstairs. It's a photographer's studio.
There are people downstairs, I suppose
Turn it on again, please.
Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
Go away. Go away. I hate you.
Turn it off.
You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
We swapped. Listen.
Listen--
Listen, indeed. I am sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.
You're a vile tempered, loosed living
Stop.
wicked little beast. And I- I hope I never see you again as long as live.
Stop. I hate you. Do you hear me? You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
This is the end. Do you understand, the end? Finally and forever.
You're not going like this.
Oh, yes, I am.
No, you're not.
Let go of me. You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loath you. Thank God, I discovered in time what you're really like.
Shut up. Shut up.
You're a mean, evil minded
Marry you again? Huh.
little vampire And I hope to God I never set eyes on you as long as I live.
Never, never, never. I'd rather die in torment. Beast brute.
Whore.
Swine.
Why does that bother you?
She's been in New York three and a half years. Why all of the sudden?
Well maybe. Maybe she just wanted to see her again.
What did you mean? He lived next door to the girl all of his life, why wouldn't he want to see her again? Don't look at me like that, he didn't tell me any more than he told you.
How do you know he is even thinking about it?
Well, so what.
What's going on here, Joe?
Now, listen, Kate, just-
She's not his girl. She knows she's not.
She's . . . Then why is she still single. New York is full of men, why isn't she married? Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she's waited.
How do you know why she's waited?
Because she knows what I know - she's faithful as a rock and my worst moments I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.
Look. It's a nice day. Why are we arguing?
Nobody in her- this house dares shake her faith. Strangers might, but not his father, and not his brother.
What do you want me to do? What do you want--
I want you to pretend like he's coming back!
But, Kate...
Because if he's not coming back, then I'll kill myself.
[LAUGHTER]
Laugh. Laugh at me, but what happens the night that she goes to sleep in his bed, and his memorial breaks in pieces?
Calm yourself.
Calm yourself!
Only last week, another boy turned up in Detroit, been missing longer than Larry, you read it yourself.
All right, all right. Calm yourself.
You've got to believe. You've got to--
What do you mean me above all? Look at you. You're shaking!
I can't help it!
What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
Hey, Joy come in here.
What's happening?
I have to go back.
I just got a letter I have to go back.
First thing tomorrow morning.
How...
How can they do that?
They said you're home for at least four years.
I guess they can do it,
The National Guard is I guess really spread thin and then everyone has to go. We all have to go back, my whole companies going back.
[BREATHING]
That's not fair.
So yeah, we leave tomorrow...
[BREATHING]
...we're all shipping out.
I just got I feel like I'm in shock actually.
I don't even know what to tell you.
I don't know.
What about the birthday party?
I guess you're just going to have to have it without me.
Hey listen, it's going to be okay though, all right?
You're going to be fine.
I'm going to be fine too, okay?
I know I have a good... I have a really good group of guys with me.
We're going to be okay.
You're going with the same ones?
Do promise me you're going to take a lot of pictures.
I know.
It's not the same though.
I just wish there was something I could do.
Run away?
Mm hmm. We'll build a bunker and never come out.
I really don't want to go, I don't want to go...
Don't say that.
I love you.
Did you get the mail? So you saw my letter? M: Yeah.
Yeah. I know.
I don't understand. You've already done so much, I don't know why do you have to go back.
I don't know. I put in that. request too. They didn't...
I guess, you know, everybody has to make sacrifices.
There's people that have given more though, you know?
I just don't see how they can make you leave when you have a new baby - we have a new kid.
I know.
There's babies over there, though, that need mothers.
I don't know how you can be okay with this? I don't know why you're not-- you're fine with it.
Just, you know, kicking myself.
things just aren't what they seem.
I know.
I just don't see why it has to be you.
If not me then, who?
What am I going to do? Huh?
You'll videotape everything, yeah?
Yeah.
Maybe you can send it to me, like stream it, yeah?
Don't you guys have access to computers over there.
Last month-- Yeah.
I just don't know how I'm going to do it without you.
I have to find sitters.
I can't raise a baby by myself. How?
We've got friends, that's why we moved here, huh? Because there is a day care down the street.
I know.
And your mother is close by.
I'll send you lots of letters.
And I want lots and lots and lots of pictures.
It's just not fair.
Look at this, goose bumps.
Well so what'd you think?
What I said.
Certainly is not. It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this the wrong way, but are you having your period?
Goddamn it, Augie, don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. You always ask me that. It's insulting.
Well what's bugging you?
We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.
There's nothing to it. We come down here. The grunions arrive. They do their little fish business. We go ooh, ah, look at the fish. They go home. We go home.
We never do, do we? Have we ever?
Twice is every time we've tried. That's ever.
We'll see them this year.
You don't have any idea what I'm saying.
No, of course, not.
I did want to see it. I always do. I keep thinking this time will be the time, but it never is.
It's just fish; nothing to get traumatized over.
I've been trying to work this backwards, but I can't seem to pinpoint the moment when we took a turn for the worse.
You were fine during the phone call from Marge. Dinner was okay. Doing the dishes was no problem. Let's see, I took a shower. Uh, you watched the news. You said the grunions are running tonight. I said great, let's go. I feel lucky tonight.
Uh,okay. So I'm putting on my jacket; putting out the animals;
uh, taking the car out of the gara- out of the garage.
Uh.
It was about four years ago, right after we got married. We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses. You asked me to dance. So we took off our shoes and you popped the cork.
Wait a minute, I've got it.
Dancing barefoot in the sand; drinking champagne from the bottle.
It was in the car, right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker? You said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that. Right? That's it, right? You want this to be like the other time. That's it. Of course.
I'd rather not remember some things. I'd rather not hope for some things.
No.
No.
What, you want me to breathe in your ear?
No.
You want to get married again?
No.
What, you want a divorce?
No.
A vacation?
No.
I want something to turn out the way it's supposed to.
Well welcome to the human race. You think this is what I had in mind? You think that when I proposed, I had this great fantasy going that four years down the line, we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish? No.
And we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us, 'cause you know what you get, Carla? You know what you get? This.
This what? What is this? This isn't even anything.
Yes, it is.
Oh, right, sure. This is standing on the beach. This is waiting. This is fighting.
Right.
But this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
No, I know, me neither.
I'm doing the best I can.
I know you are, Augie. Really, I do. I know you meant for this to be special and nice and it's the full moon and the sand and everything. But I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
I didn't say that.
No, I know. But still. I know I don't make you happy.
Actually, now that you mention it, no. I don't.
Okay, fine. So we're in the wrong spot, but we're with the right person.
I don't know. It seemed like a good spot to me. I mean, look at the view you've got of the moon from here.
Yeah, I noticed that. Looks pretty on the water, doesn't it? Big ol' white moon. I'm sorry, Augie.
Shh. If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
What are we going to do?
Now and always sweet.
Hello? Hello? What? Wrong number.
Oh. It sends shivers down my spine.
Behave exquisitely.
With the most perfect poise.
Yes, I should probably to a court curtsey.
Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's is happy, do they?
Oh darling don't say that.
Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing love?
What does it all mean that's what I ask- that's what I ask myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth? Good God what does it all mean?
You mustn't be serious my dear one, that's just what they want.
Who's they?
flippancy brings out the acid in their damned sweetness in light.
Certainly you must, we figures of fun all right.
No, that desire will fade along with our passion.
Oh dear, should we like that?
Yes, yes, with all his might.
No, no it isn't, death is very laughable, such a cunning little mystery, all done with mirrors.
So is everyone else in the long run.
Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers, let's blow our trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can. Like quite idiotic, very small, school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment.
Come kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
You remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
Which particular one?
Oh Charles, that was his name Charles. It did wiggle so beautifully.
I know you did. You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal; I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
It went on intermittently for days.
It burned my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
That was a rouser, wasn't it?
The manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.
I'll never forget his face.
Oh it was ridiculous, completely ridiculous.
And very much sillier.
About what?
About what I was just saying.
It certainly is not. It is slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
Well, I'm not the only one. Look at all these people.
Are we talking about the same thing?
Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?
Augie, Goddamn it, don't ask me that. You always ask me that. Why do you ask me that? I hate it. It's insulting.
Okay, then what's bugging you?
Look, it's-we just-we're looking at this evening in a different way, both of us. We both have different ideas of it.
There's nothing to it, alright? We come down here, the grunion arrive, they do their little fish business, we go ooh, ah, look at the fish, and then they go home and we go home.
We're not seeing the grunions?
Look, Augie, we've never seen them. They're never going to come.
We missed them twice. That's not ever.
We'll see them this time.
Like I feel like my whole life I've been just standing on this beach with my hands clasped waiting for these fish to show up and these fish never show up.
God, I thought you wanted to see it.
I do.
Look, I did. I always do. But it's like every time I try nothing ever happens.
It's just fish. Nothing to get traumatized over.
For God's sake, Augie, this is not about fish.
I've been turning this thing over in my head trying to figure out when the point was when we took a turn for the worse, and I can't seem to pinpoint it.
You were fine during the phone call from Marge. Dinner was okay. Doing the dishes was no problem. Let's see. I took a shower. You were watching the news. You said Augie, I think the grunion are running. I said great, let's go. I feel lucky tonight.
And so I'm getting the animals, putting the animals out in the yard. I'm putting on my jacket, getting the car out of the garage-
Do you remember the last time we came here?
We thought I was pregnant.
You brought a bottle of champagne.
We took off our shoes and we danced barefoot in the sand. Under the moon.
And you whispered so intimately in my ear so I could feel your words.
Oh, that moment-that was it.
I told myself finally, this is how happy I'm supposed to be.
Wait a minute. I got it.
Dancing barefoot in the sand. Drinking out of a bottle of champagne.
I don't want to remember something.
Hope for some things.
No.
No.
No, no.
What? What? Do you want me to breathe in your ear?
No.
Do you want to get married again? What? What? Do you want to get a divorce?
No.
No.
A vacation?
No.
A new carpet? A poodle?
A-a back rub, some ice cream, a suicide pact. What the hell do you want, Carla?
I want things to turn out the way that they're supposed to be.
Jesus, welcome to the human race.
No, I was just like you. I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and everything great. And the wind in our hair and the sand in our toes, and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves, and we'll have three big fat rosy kids. And oh God.
You know what you get? The jokes on us, baby. Because do you know what you get? Huh? Carla? Do you know what you get? You get this.
This what? What is this? This is nothing.
Yes, it is.
No, it's not. It's standing on the beach waiting and fighting.
Right.
Things have never turned out anything the way that I thought they would be.
No, I know. Me neither.
it's not something else. Do you know what I'm trying to say?
Well, I'm doing the best I can.
I know you are, Augie, and I know you wanted this evening to be nice, but I can't help thinking of being somewhere else.
Yeah, maybe if you were with someone else too.
I didn't say that.
Augie, anything I do I'd rather be doing with you.
God, don't you know that? I mean, you're the one that probably wants to be with somebody else. Somebody that didn't take herself so seriously, could enjoy herself more.
Actually now that you mention it, no, I don't.
Well, I guess we're just in the wrong spart-spot with the right person.
Seemed like a pretty good spot to me. I mean, look at the view of the moon we've got from here.
I noticed that. It's beautiful.
You can see right over the water.
Look what we got here.
It's not champagne.
At least we won't need glasses.
Are you still cold? Do you want to go home?
Maybe this is the right place after all.
I'm sorry, Augie.
Shh.
If we're very quiet the fish might come.
Or not.
So what do you think?
What I was saying.
It's ridiculous.
Certainly it's not. Slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong but are you having your period?
Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. You always ask me that. It's insulting.
Well, what's bugging you?
We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
There is nothing to it, we come here, the Grunion arrive, then do their little fish business, we go oh ah look, they go home, we go home.
For heavens sake we are not going to see the Grunions.
Why not?
We never do, do we? I mean have we ever?
We've missed them twice; that's not ever.
Twice is every time we've tried, that's ever.
Well, we'll see them this year.
No we won't; it's pointless. It's like waiting up to see Santa Claus,
I mean I feel like my whole life is going to be spent standing on the beach waiting for the fish to show up with my eyes open and my hands clasped expectantly and the fish won't show up.
I thought you wanted to see them.
You don't understand anything I'm saying.
No of course not.
I did want to see them, I always do. I mean I keep thinking that this is going to be the time and it never is.
For heavens sake this isn't about fish.
All right. I've been trying to work this backwards but I cannot seem to pinpoint the moment that we took a turn for the worst.
You were fine during the phone call from Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was no problem, let's see, I took a shower, you watched the news, you said
the Grunion are running tonight, I said great, let's go, I feel lucky,
okay so I'm getting on my jacket and putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage-
Do you remember the first time we came to see it? It was about four years ago right after we got married.
We thought I was pregnant and we opened a bottle of champagne but no glasses, you asked me to dance, we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.
And when we were dancing you said the softest most intimate things to me right into my ears so I could feel them as much as hear them
and I remember thinking that this is it you know. At last, at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be
Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
It was in the car, right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker you said, let's get some champagne and I said times are wasting or something like that, right?
Of course, I see it now; you want this to be like that other time, right? That's it, right?
I'd rather not remember some things. I would rather not hope for some things.
Yea. Okay, sure, no. I see. Listen, you want to dance?
No.
You want to go get some champagne?
No.
Take off our shoes?
Get married again?
No.
What? What? You want a divorce?
No.
A vacation?
No.
A new carpet? A poodle, a ice cream, backrub, a suicide pact, what, what Carla, what the hell do you want? F: No.
I want something to turn out the way that it supposed to.
Well welcome to the human race, all right. Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed? You think I had this great fantasy going that four years down the road we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish?
No, no, just like you I thought it was going to be all like peaches and roses and sand in our toes, and wind in our hair, and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'll have three, fat, rosy kids and ha-ha baby the joke is on us
'cause you know what you get Carla, you know what you get? This.
This? What, what is this? This isn't even anything.
I'm sure, this is standing on the beach, this is waiting, this is fighting.
Well, but this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
No, I know. Me neither.
I mean it's -- this is just this. I mean it includes a lot and everything but isn't something else. Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say?
I know that you meant this to be special and nice, and there's the sand and the moon and everything but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
No, I know. But still, I know I don't make you happy.
Don't be ridiculous. I mean don't you know that?
You're the one who probably wishes he was with someone else, someone who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.
Now that you mention it. No, I don't.
I don't know it seemed like a pretty good spot to me. Look at the moon - view the moon view I got from here.
What have we got here?
Well, I guess we don't need glasses.
Augie, I'm sorry.
Shh, if we're very quiet the fish might come.
Or not.
Or not.
Hmm.
So guess what.
what
I got into college.
Shut up. What'd you get, where'd you get accepted to? please
U.S.C..
Oh, sweet.
yeah.
So you're not going to leave me.
No.
oh, good good good good good good.
I'll stay in town.
Are you going to live on campus? Where are you going to live?
Uh- I don't know.
Uh! stay over here. Like travel to school. because you are so close to me
Well, I don't want to, I don't want to live with my mom.
Okay, you're right, you're right, you're right, right. Maybe we should get a place together.
Whoa. What an idea. Where would you want to live?
That'll be awesome.
I don't know. Well. I wouldn't mind living by the U.S.C. campus, you know, but I'm not going to go to school right now, so.
But I'd love to go all the US- all the U.S.C. parties and do all that crazy stuff with you.
Whoa, this is going to be so much fun.
it is going to be so much fun. Yes.
Uh! I'm so happy that you're not going to go away.
Thank you. I know, I'm really, really, really excited.
Oh, I bet you're going to love it too. You always wanted to go to U.S.C..
I know they have a really, really great program for what I want to do.
You're going to have so much fun. And there's lo- tons of people, you're going to meet so many people, I'm going to meet so many people too, because we're going to be there together.
Can we for real live together?
Sure, why not. I don't know why not, I'm not doing anything I have no plans, I could live anywhere I want.
awesome.
So should we get a place near campus? or-
That'll be great. That'll be great.
We should try to find, like, a party spot though, like you know where there's going to be a lot of parties, where there are cool people, though. Do you know any people that might be out there?
okay.
Yeah, me either.
[garbage] I know, I know, I know, we'll figure it out. Right? [garbage] it is going to be so much fun.
It's going to be ridiculous. It's going to be so cool.
You can't make fun of me because I'm not going to school, though, because I'm going to be working though.
[LAUGHTER] Oh, I'm going to be working too, I mean.
I- I hear the same.
Woo- I I do.
I don't know how I feel about that, but-
I know exactly how you feel about that. I think you feel really excited about it. I know you are. I can tell. I know you.
oh yeah.
oh yeah.
You're a wild and crazy woman.
[LAUGHTER] Oh, it'll be awesome, that's for sure.
Uh huh, it will be awesome.
Better than if I'd picked up and moved to Boston.
living near the U.S.C. campus by myself, not going to school there. just really pathetic and sad.
[LAUGHTER] by yourself.
you'd be that kid
living near campus, and not going to school.
Exactly. Mooching off of all like the college experiences, that would've been me but you have saved me from that disaster. Thank you. Thank you very much.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, it's going to be so much fun.
yeah.
Well, congratulations. and to me too, because now I get to-have-
We should go apartment shop-er-hunting.
That's a good idea.
Let's go tomorrow.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow-
yeah.
Good. We'll have to have one soon, you're going to have to go to school in a couple of months.
Woo-
Oh God, it's awesome... There's going to be tons of places. [garbage]
exciting.
Hey, what time is it? This pokes around midnight right? God this is great isn't it?
Look at the night we got. I wouldn't trade this for anything.
You know actually I wanted to go a little further up the coast and get away from all the lights and people but I was afraid you'd miss it. How are you doing?
Is that, is that, nah, is that just Paul? I can't even tell.
But if I can't tell, it probably isn't them isn't it? Probably would be unmistakable wouldn't you think? How are you doing?
Oh, you know what I forgot? I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid? I should've brought my flashlight.
Yes.
God. Oh, you know what would be good right about now? A six-pack. A six-pack would be just the ticket.
I'm so stupid, I should've brought a six-pack. God, I'm like a little kid. It's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped up. Oh- [LAUGHTER]
I wonder if they can hear us talk? Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
Do you want my jacket?
It's past eleven, let's go.
There is no point in coming down here.
That's my point.
That's my point too...No. No. That's not my point. My point is what's the point if we come down here if we just turn around and leave?
Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. It only happens once a year. I mean think about the people in Kansas, they would have to get hotel reservations and plane tickets to come and see this. We're only forty minutes away. This is too good to pass up.
Pass up what? These fish swim up to shore, on the beach and then they flop around a little, they swim away and then they die.
Well this is like the highlight, the one night of their lives and that flopping around, that's laying eggs or spawning or mating or whatever you call it.
But this is the big night for these guys. Their last, life's last orgy.
Yeah they do.
Augie.
Okay. But it's fish that do something that no other fish do. Like the swallows in Capistrano or the Lemmings that throw themselves off the cliffs, there's magic here and some mystery and a little bit of unexplainable.
I'm just not.
You also could remember that I got sand in my panties, we got in an argument over nothing, you got a sore throat and we didn't even get to see the Grunions.
You didn't see them the first time either.
We just weren't in the good spot. This is a much better spot. You know, I have a good instincts for these things.
Look, is that...no is that just seaweed?
You know, this is great isn't it? You know, I wouldn't trade this for anything.
I mean, think about this, I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.
Somewhere out there, there's this huge silver mass of fish heading this way, they don't why, we don't know why, they just some little instinctual fire cracker went off in their bodies...
...like and they all just turned at once and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming this way. They didn't, you know, they didn't make a decision, they didn't, you know, have boats or anything. No one sent them an invitation or a map, they just started swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.
It's single mindedness with no mind. It's urgency that's pure urge and they don't, they don't ask it a question, they don't give it a name, they just swim.
They just start swimming to this place right here where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.
Oh, I'm giving myself goose bumps. Look, all my hairs are standing up.
[BREATHING] So what do you think?
About what I just said?
It certainly is not. It's
Can I help you sir?
I've been here for four hours and I don't know where one piece of my luggage is
Okay. Well let's...well I'm going to go ahead and check on that for you. You're coming from...where are you coming from?
Baltimore.
Baltimore and this is a direct flight to LAX
Yes.
Okay. Let's look up here F:--okay-
You know and they've looked it up before and it's not there.
Okay. Well you um-...
Now what are you going to do for me different? Hmm?
What I can do for you is uh we can uh report lost, lost property.
You can report lost property?
Yes.
Okay. I'm leaving LA tomorrow for San Diego, driving there. So, I'm going to leave without all my lost property? That's what you want me to do? um
Well sir, if if...what I believe has happened is most of the flight was left--
the luggage was left in Baltimore. Therefore--
Most of the...
Like the luggage, the luggage on the flight.
No actually it was...this is the first time this has ever happened. I don't know what happened--
Are you going to refund us for our luggage, refund us for our tickets for this?
Well, we can give you um- hotel lodging for a night if that--
I'm going to San Diego tomorrow to stay with my family. What do I need hotel lodging for hmmm? Can you tell me that?
For tonight- For tonight sir. Would you need to stay somewhere tonight?
We can do Holiday Inn or...?
Wow. Thank you. Holiday Inn. Wow. Thank...the flight cost five hundred dollars.
Sir I understand that but just--
Okay, so you can put me in Holiday Inn for twenty dollar a night?
Did you have your name tags on the luggage?
Of course I had my name tags on the luggage.
Okay. So if you can just give me your name, your name and your address and your phone number I can contact you as soon as we find out more information.
Soon as you...that's not good enough okay?
Sir, please calm down.
I need you to help me out here. Can you get on the phone and get the luggage over on the fastest flight you can and then maybe I won't get you fired.
If not, I'm going to get your name, I'm going to talk to your boss, whoever...I'm never going to fly...my business is never going to fly Delta again.
What is your business?
I work for IBM.
Okay. Sir? I am sorry to tell you this but this does happen. Uh- This is not uh- really,
I mean, our airline's fault. I don't know what happened, misplaced, something happened but we will get you--
You misplace a lot of, eight pieces of luggage.
Well, the entire flight, sir, the luggage was placed on another plane that never actually left Baltimore.
Uh no I'm not.
Are you kidding me?
Who are you going to fire because of that?
Well we have some people back there that need some firing so, but I would just really appreciate--
Wow. This has never happened before. I've not lost,
in all thousand flights I've been on probably I can't even count how many flights I've been on. This has never happened before.
This is the worst customer service I've ever gotten before.
Okay sir. I'm sorry you can--um-
Okay. Get on the phone and figure out where my luggage is and tell me when it's going to get there alright?
We already have been confirmed that it will be arriving in--uh--in about two days.
And and, in about...
Two days I'll be in San Diego and how's it going to get to me in San Diego? You going to make sure it gets to the San Diego airport?
Uh, we can't--
Can you get it to the San Diego airport? You get someone to drive it to my place alright? Then I get a refund for some...I get a free flight alright? I get free whatever.
Yes sir, Yes.
We can have them direct your luggage to San Diego.
Okay. And you're going to give me what for my inconvenience?
Uh--
Some refreshments in the lobby?
Some peanuts? Wow. That helps a lot.
Thanks you, thank you I don't have my luggage so you gave me a Holiday Inn stay and peanuts. Wow. You know what?
eh- we actually--
I will never do business with Delta again.
Look sir, I've been waiting for about an hour and my luggage still hasn't come. What's going on?
I'm sorry, Mrs. Rosenkrantz, but uh- I don't know what to tell you.
What do you mean, you don't know what to tell me? I have two luggage that I've been coming--they're coming--from France and I need them here. I'm home now. I need to go start working.
Did you- Did you check with the lost and found?
Where? I don't know. The lost and found. What do you mean, lost and found?
I had my luggage transferred here from Paris to L.A. and now I'm here and I need to be working and I have all my stuff in there.
Maybe it got lost. Did you think about that, mom?
Well, that's what I'm asking you. What--I don't know what happened to it.
Oh, not--we didn't lose it; maybe the airport lost it. Maybe someone stole it.
Wait, sir. You're- You're completely not--what do you mean, stole it? How can they just steal it from an airplane? It was up in the air?
No, I mean, maybe in the little--going around thingy thing where bopper stole it from there.
Okay. All I know is that I am supposed to have my language here right now. Right now. And it's not there. And you're supposed to help me because you work at the airport. So give me my luggage or tell me where the hell it is.
Okay. What can we do is we can get your name and information and if it shows up we can send it to you so-- Wherever you stay
What do you mean, if it shows up? No, I need it now. I have my keys, I have my wallet, I have my money. I have thousands and thousands of dollars worth of stuff in there.
Not to mention I have my work in there.
Well, I'll have you fill out some paperwork and see if you can get started on something.
And what if- what if it is lost? Well, what are you guys going to do for me?
and when you sign your ticket we could replace about fifteen percent of what's in the bag.
Fifteen percent?
Up to a limit of twenty five dollars.
What? There- There's hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stuff in there.
Whoa, maybe you should uh- have thought of a better way to send it than just in a bag, hmm? Did you think about that?
No, no, no. You don't understand. This is--these are my belongings in the luggage. And I went to Paris.
Sir, why are you laughing at me? This isn't funny.
I think that's kind of stupid, that you put a hundred thousands of dollars in the bag.
Did you lock- Did you lock it even? You probably didn't even lock it.
No, they said I couldn't lock it.
Give me--I'm going to talk to your supervisor. Give me your supervisor. I want to talk to your supervisor right now.
Okay, let me get him.Oh, guess who the supervisor is? It's me.
What, do you have questions?
Well, get- I want the C.E.O. then.
So what do you think?
About what?
About what I just said?
It's ridiculous.
It certainly is not. It's a slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
It's PR. I mean, somebody sold you a good bill about this wonderful event that going to happen on the beach.
I'm not the only one. Look at all these people.
Yeah. Everyone else was sold the same thing. I mean, look, it keeps us excited, it keeps us coming back for more and you know, keeps us thinking life's going to start any minute now.
Are we talking about the same thing?
Look, I'm sorry but it's still just fish to me.
I thought you wanted to see it.
There's nothing to it. The Grunions arrive, they do their little fish business, you know? We go oh, ahh, look at the fish and they go home and we go home.
For heavens sake, grow up. We're not going to see the Grunions.
Why not?
We never do, do we? Have we ever?
Oh my gosh. We missed them twice, that's hardly ever.
Okay. Twice is as many times as we've tried and that's ever.
Carla, can I ask you something?
Don't take this wrong but, are you having your period?
Augie, god dammit, don't ask me that. You always ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. It's insulting.
What's bugging you then?
Look, it's pointless. It's...we're not going to see the Grunions I mean, it's like waiting around to see Santa Claus, you know, it's...
Listen, I've waiting my entire life on this beach just standing there waiting for this fish to show up and these fish never show up.
I thought you wanted to see it.
God, you don't understand anything.
No, of course not.
I do. I always do. I keep thinking, this time will be the time and it never is.
Well, we're going to see it.
No we won't. I mean, God, this isn't about the fish Augie.
What...I've been trying to, I've been trying to figure out the point where we went wrong and I can't seem to pinpoint that moment.
Let's see I took a shower, you were watching the news, you said hey, hey the Grunions are running tonight and I said great let's go, I feel lucky tonight.
And then I'm putting the animals out in the yard, I'm pulling the car out of the garage, putting my jacket on.
Look, do you remember the first time we came here?
We thought I was pregnant.
Wait a minute. I've got it.
It was in the car right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker...
And you said let's get some champagne and I said time's a wasting or something like that.
You want this to be like the other time right? That's it right?
I'd rather not remember something...
Rather not hope for something.
No.
Do you want me to get some champagne?
No.
Take off our shoes?
No.
What? Do you want me to breathe in your ear?
No.
No...No...No...
No...
I want things to turn out the way that they're supposed to be.
Welcome to the human race.
Do you think that this is what I had in mind? That four years down the line that we'd get married and come to the beach and argue with each other over fish? No.
I was just like you. I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and everything great and the sand in our toes and the wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'd have three big fat rosy kids...
...and you know? Baby the jokes on us. Because you know what you get? Do you know what you get Carla? You get this.
This what...what's this? This isn't anything. Alright. Sure. Standing on the beach, fighting and waiting.
Yes it is.
Right.
Cause everything isn't anything like I thought it would be.
This is just this. You know? I mean it's a lot and everything but it isn't somewhere else. Do you know what I'm trying to say?
I'm trying to do the best I can.
I know you are Augie. I know you wanted this evening to be nice.
I can't help thinking about being somewhere else.
Maybe if you were with someone else too.
I didn't say that.
I know. But I know I don't make you happy.
Augie, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing with you.
If anybody wants to be with anybody else it's probably you. Probably somebody who enjoys herself a little more and is not so hard.
Well, I guess this is the wrong spot for the right people.
I mean look at the view of the moon we got from here.
Yeah. I noticed that. It's real pretty on the water.
Hey, look what we got here.
Oh you brought refreshments.
No I'm beginning to think you might be right.
I think this may be the place for us after all.
I am sorry Augie.
Shh. If we're very quiet the fish might come.
Or not.
Or not.





































































